mahvolursun target: Aor pred: Prog1
tanıyamazsa target: Aor pred: Narr
konuşurum target: Aor pred: Narr
bilmezsek target: Aor pred: Past
dövüşülür target: Aor pred: Narr
görüşürüz target: Aor pred: Prog1
atanmazsa target: Aor pred: Narr
konuşur target: Aor pred: Narr
gidemem target: Aor pred: Past
hissettiyse target: Past pred: Prog1
kurtardıysa target: Past pred: Prog1
atıyordunuz target: Past pred: Prog1
paylaştılar target: Past pred: Aor
kıpırdatamazsınız target: Aor pred: Past
evlenecekmişsiniz target: Narr pred: Aor
reddetmezsiniz target: Aor pred: Past
anlayamazsınız target: Aor pred: Prog1
belirtmişsiniz target: Narr pred: Aor
istememiştiniz target: Past pred: Narr
yorulmadınızsa target: Past pred: Narr
anlayamıyordum target: Past pred: Prog1
kahroluyordum target: Past pred: Prog1
söylemiştiniz target: Past pred: Aor
başlayamayız target: Aor pred: Prog1
geçmişçesine target: Narr pred: Aor
iletmişsiniz target: Narr pred: Aor
göstermişler target: Narr pred: Aor
dönüşür target: Aor pred: Narr
indiler target: Past pred: Aor
dediler target: Past pred: Aor
ettiler target: Past pred: Aor
ihtiyarlar target: Aor pred: Prog1
bırakırsak target: Aor pred: Prog1
çalışırsak target: Aor pred: Prog1
karşılaşır target: Aor pred: Narr
alıkoyamam target: Aor pred: Prog1
yanılmayız target: Aor pred: Prog1
olurdunuz target: Past pred: Aor
anladınız target: Past pred: Aor
alırdınız target: Past pred: Aor
boyadılar target: Past pred: Prog1
çevirmediniz target: Past pred: Aor
ayırmıştınız target: Past pred: Narr
çevirmedimse target: Past pred: Narr
görememiştik target: Past pred: Narr
neşeliydiler target: Past pred: Aor
söylemediniz target: Past pred: Aor
başarırdınız target: Past pred: Aor
görüntülenmezse target: Aor pred: Narr
verememişçesine target: Narr pred: Aor
oluşturmuşsanız target: Narr pred: Aor
ayrıldılar target: Past pred: Aor
edemediler target: Past pred: Aor
beklediler target: Past pred: Aor
başladılar target: Past pred: Aor
dönmediler target: Past pred: Aor
öğrendiler target: Past pred: Aor
çalıştıysa target: Past pred: Prog1
karşılaştırırsak target: Aor pred: Prog1
belirtilmezse target: Aor pred: Narr
karşılaşmazsa target: Aor pred: Narr
görmeliydiniz target: Past pred: Aor
bilmiyordunuz target: Past pred: Prog1
geldiler target: Past pred: Aor
gider target: Aor pred: Past
yöneldiler target: Past pred: Aor
unuturuz target: Aor pred: Prog1
hisseder target: Aor pred: Past
mahvolur target: Aor pred: Prog1
çıkarsak target: Aor pred: Prog1
kaybolur target: Aor pred: Prog1
gidersem target: Aor pred: Past
tutmazsa target: Aor pred: Narr
biçilmez target: Aor pred: Narr
fısıldar target: Aor pred: Past
reddeder target: Aor pred: Past
