imiş target: Pos pred: Neg
basa target: Pos pred: Neg
gitme target: Pos pred: Neg
edici target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkma target: Pos pred: Neg
acıma target: Pos pred: Neg
eğmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
seziş target: Pos pred: Neg
bozan target: Pos pred: Neg
ittim target: Pos pred: Neg
satsa target: Pos pred: Neg
gezdi target: Pos pred: Neg
durma target: Pos pred: Neg
azmış target: Pos pred: Neg
aldım target: Pos pred: Neg
verse target: Pos pred: Neg
etmem target: Pos pred: Neg
yediği target: Pos pred: Neg
ederse target: Pos pred: Neg
uyması target: Pos pred: Neg
kaçmış target: Pos pred: Neg
atladı target: Pos pred: Neg
atmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
utanma target: Pos pred: Neg
ısırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
olurum target: Pos pred: Neg
edilme target: Pos pred: Neg
doldum target: Pos pred: Neg
boyadı target: Pos pred: Neg
durdum target: Pos pred: Neg
ağlama target: Pos pred: Neg
döndüm target: Pos pred: Neg
yapmam target: Pos pred: Neg
benzer target: Pos pred: Neg
sandım target: Pos pred: Neg
aşınca target: Pos pred: Neg
kesmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
vermem target: Pos pred: Neg
olalım target: Pos pred: Neg
uzamış target: Pos pred: Neg
edelim target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdı target: Pos pred: Neg
bıkmış target: Pos pred: Neg
kaçtım target: Pos pred: Neg
yemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
almalı target: Pos pred: Neg
sürdüm target: Pos pred: Neg
kısmış target: Pos pred: Neg
sapanı target: Pos pred: Neg
alırsa target: Pos pred: Neg
alırım target: Pos pred: Neg
dalmış target: Pos pred: Neg
biçici target: Pos pred: Neg
kaşıdı target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşasa target: Pos pred: Neg
bulsam target: Pos pred: Neg
girdim target: Pos pred: Neg
buldum target: Pos pred: Neg
vermiş target: Pos pred: Neg
geldim target: Pos pred: Neg
tuttum target: Pos pred: Neg
sersem target: Pos pred: Neg
verici target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşadı target: Pos pred: Neg
yattım target: Pos pred: Neg
sorman target: Pos pred: Neg
sanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
inmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
gezmem target: Pos pred: Neg
etmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
ölmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
açmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yemedin target: Neg pred: Pos
atmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
ölmesek target: Neg pred: Pos
açmadık target: Neg pred: Pos
içmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
almadın target: Neg pred: Pos
sokmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
anlamış target: Pos pred: Neg
uyanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
yağladı target: Pos pred: Neg
dizdiği target: Pos pred: Neg
yapması target: Pos pred: Neg
yapmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
dalmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
tatması target: Pos pred: Neg
dilerim target: Pos pred: Neg
tanırım target: Pos pred: Neg
tanışma target: Pos pred: Neg
alışmış target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğum target: Pos pred: Neg
korktum target: Pos pred: Neg
olmamın target: Pos pred: Neg
kalmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
ederdim target: Pos pred: Neg
yürüdüm target: Pos pred: Neg
kalkmış target: Pos pred: Neg
sanmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
acınası target: Pos pred: Neg
solmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
atıldım target: Pos pred: Neg
ekledim target: Pos pred: Neg
titreme target: Pos pred: Neg
ötesini target: Pos pred: Neg
gitmeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
dururum target: Pos pred: Neg
istedim target: Pos pred: Neg
dilerse target: Pos pred: Neg
denemiş target: Pos pred: Neg
diyelim target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkarsa target: Pos pred: Neg
koyalım target: Pos pred: Neg
isterim target: Pos pred: Neg
baktığı target: Pos pred: Neg
bakardı target: Pos pred: Neg
ezilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
şaşırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
uğraşma target: Pos pred: Neg
sokarım target: Pos pred: Neg
tutmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
dediğim target: Pos pred: Neg
bakayım target: Pos pred: Neg
sürmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
aldırma target: Pos pred: Neg
usanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
geçmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
ezilişi target: Pos pred: Neg
gitmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
asmanın target: Pos pred: Neg
satmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkarız target: Pos pred: Neg
çömeldi target: Pos pred: Neg
süzmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
benzedi target: Pos pred: Neg
sıkması target: Pos pred: Neg
vereyim target: Pos pred: Neg
yıktığı target: Pos pred: Neg
yazdığı target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşarız target: Pos pred: Neg
yastığı target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünme target: Pos pred: Neg
yaparım target: Pos pred: Neg
sarkmış target: Pos pred: Neg
oturdum target: Pos pred: Neg
sokması target: Pos pred: Neg
kurmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
bakmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
akışına target: Pos pred: Neg
gitmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
işlemiş target: Pos pred: Neg
girerim target: Pos pred: Neg
kaptığı target: Pos pred: Neg
uyumaya target: Pos pred: Neg
uyandım target: Pos pred: Neg
ödediği target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdım target: Pos pred: Neg
yormaya target: Pos pred: Neg
şaşırma target: Pos pred: Neg
öldüğüm target: Pos pred: Neg
dönmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
utandım target: Pos pred: Neg
görmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
başardı target: Pos pred: Neg
bozmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
kokmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
almazsak target: Neg pred: Pos
durmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
görmedin target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bitmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kopmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
duymayan target: Neg pred: Pos
ödemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
kesmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
vurmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
girmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kesmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
satmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
alamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
batmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
alamayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
olamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
durmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bozmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
saymayan target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
düşmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uyumuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
vermedik target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
değilsin target: Neg pred: Pos
yetmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
alamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
alamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
edemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yenmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
kırmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
atamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
aramıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
çatmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yatmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
alamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bitmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
girmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
ısınmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
çiğnemiş target: Pos pred: Neg
çekilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
tünemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
tırmandı target: Pos pred: Neg
becermiş target: Pos pred: Neg
azarladı target: Pos pred: Neg
olmuştum target: Pos pred: Neg
dediğime target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
baktığım target: Pos pred: Neg
diyorsam target: Pos pred: Neg
uğramaya target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirdim target: Pos pred: Neg
sürdürme target: Pos pred: Neg
başladım target: Pos pred: Neg
canlanma target: Pos pred: Neg
dağılmış target: Pos pred: Neg
başlamış target: Pos pred: Neg
aldatıcı target: Pos pred: Neg
geçtiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
yürümeye target: Pos pred: Neg
takıldım target: Pos pred: Neg
süzüldüm target: Pos pred: Neg
giyinmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşamayı target: Pos pred: Neg
yeğledim target: Pos pred: Neg
yaparsam target: Pos pred: Neg
dediğini target: Pos pred: Neg
tutuldum target: Pos pred: Neg
dediysem target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
bağırdım target: Pos pred: Neg
sezdiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
sevindim target: Pos pred: Neg
boğuldum target: Pos pred: Neg
derseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
utandığı target: Pos pred: Neg
ürpermiş target: Pos pred: Neg
kaydırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
görürsem target: Pos pred: Neg
bastırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
bitirmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
gezdirdi target: Pos pred: Neg
yıprandı target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakalı target: Pos pred: Neg
batışını target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptığım target: Pos pred: Neg
sallandı target: Pos pred: Neg
düşündüm target: Pos pred: Neg
oluyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
karışmış target: Pos pred: Neg
karıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
satmamız target: Pos pred: Neg
varmamız target: Pos pred: Neg
kaplamış target: Pos pred: Neg
eskimeye target: Pos pred: Neg
çıktığım target: Pos pred: Neg
yükleriz target: Pos pred: Neg
uzatmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
kaynaşma target: Pos pred: Neg
bildiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
dikilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
başlarız target: Pos pred: Neg
yastığım target: Pos pred: Neg
olanları target: Pos pred: Neg
yıkamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
saklarız target: Pos pred: Neg
okuduğum target: Pos pred: Neg
çizilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
dediğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
yıkadığı target: Pos pred: Neg
alacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
ezeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirsem target: Pos pred: Neg
salladım target: Pos pred: Neg
oturmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
yönelmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşadığı target: Pos pred: Neg
düştünüz target: Pos pred: Neg
atışları target: Pos pred: Neg
eğesiydi target: Pos pred: Neg
kesilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakmış target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkardım target: Pos pred: Neg
çalıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
döşenmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
budanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
yapışmış target: Pos pred: Neg
benzetme target: Pos pred: Neg
olmaları target: Pos pred: Neg
inceleme target: Pos pred: Neg
bekledim target: Pos pred: Neg
serilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
titredim target: Pos pred: Neg
yaslandı target: Pos pred: Neg
görseydi target: Pos pred: Neg
dururdum target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldığım target: Pos pred: Neg
etmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
etmesini target: Pos pred: Neg
gösterme target: Pos pred: Neg
çürümeye target: Pos pred: Neg
kurumaya target: Pos pred: Neg
ağrımıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
atmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
göremiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
gidemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
oynamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
oynamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
aratmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
veremeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
uyarmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
atılmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
üretmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
inanmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımayan target: Neg pred: Pos
korumayan target: Neg pred: Pos
gelemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
vermezken target: Neg pred: Pos
alışmadık target: Neg pred: Pos
saymazsak target: Neg pred: Pos
oturmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
etmediğin target: Neg pred: Pos
açmamakla target: Neg pred: Pos
olunmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olunmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmazsak target: Neg pred: Pos
alınmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
aratmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
gidemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
olamazsak target: Neg pred: Pos
atılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
vermezler target: Neg pred: Pos
uyuşmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
duramayan target: Neg pred: Pos
demediler target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
görmezden target: Neg pred: Pos
koşamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yatamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bakılırsa target: Pos pred: Neg
belirmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
uğraşırsa target: Pos pred: Neg
davranışı target: Pos pred: Neg
verdiğini target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptığını target: Pos pred: Neg
kalmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
kaçtığını target: Pos pred: Neg
kalacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
duyuyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşurum target: Pos pred: Neg
oluyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırdım target: Pos pred: Neg
varıncaya target: Pos pred: Neg
buluncaya target: Pos pred: Neg
gezdirdim target: Pos pred: Neg
azarladım target: Pos pred: Neg
görünmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
döneceğiz target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldığını target: Pos pred: Neg
vardığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
yaklaştım target: Pos pred: Neg
arıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
yetişmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
şükrettim target: Pos pred: Neg
olursunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bıraktığı target: Pos pred: Neg
ediyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
baktığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
yaklaşmış target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşmayı target: Pos pred: Neg
söylememi target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatmamı target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
tutuyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
unuttuğum target: Pos pred: Neg
edecektim target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
gülüyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
bitireyim target: Pos pred: Neg
yakalamış target: Pos pred: Neg
anlıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
şaşıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
haykırdım target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
tutulmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
olurmuşuz target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümsedi target: Pos pred: Neg
geldiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
bakışları target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirdiği target: Pos pred: Neg
yırtılmış target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
yapmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
söylerdim target: Pos pred: Neg
sevmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
geçtiğini target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirmeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
bakıyoruz target: Pos pred: Neg
koparırım target: Pos pred: Neg
bulacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
çapaladım target: Pos pred: Neg
aldığımız target: Pos pred: Neg
sürmesini target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıyınca target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunması target: Pos pred: Neg
arttığını target: Pos pred: Neg
uzamışsın target: Pos pred: Neg
görseydim target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakırım target: Pos pred: Neg
koşmaları target: Pos pred: Neg
bağlamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
yediririm target: Pos pred: Neg
kalacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
satıldığı target: Pos pred: Neg
bakmıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
yapacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
tekmeledi target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
zannettim target: Pos pred: Neg
iliklerim target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkıyoruz target: Pos pred: Neg
karşıladı target: Pos pred: Neg
içerdiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümseme target: Pos pred: Neg
cevapladı target: Pos pred: Neg
edecekmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
oturduğum target: Pos pred: Neg
yansıması target: Pos pred: Neg
anladığım target: Pos pred: Neg
karıştığı target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkmasına target: Pos pred: Neg
açıkladım target: Pos pred: Neg
duruyorsa target: Pos pred: Neg
seslendim target: Pos pred: Neg
görünmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
hissettim target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
biliyoruz target: Pos pred: Neg
bağlayıcı target: Pos pred: Neg
patlaması target: Pos pred: Neg
yattığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
sağlamayı target: Pos pred: Neg
izleyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
dolanmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
gidilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
bakılmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
boğulmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçınmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
başlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yaratmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmuyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
getirmeyip target: Neg pred: Pos
kopmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
öğretmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
sızlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
katılmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
alamamakta target: Neg pred: Pos
benzemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
dayanmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
alamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
yetinmeyip target: Neg pred: Pos
dokunmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
kesmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
olmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
görmeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
varmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
suçlamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemedik target: Neg pred: Pos
güvenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yetinmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmadık target: Neg pred: Pos
uymamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
kuramazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
okutamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
beğenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
gizlemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
tüketmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
susmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
görmediler target: Neg pred: Pos
istemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
tükenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
azaltmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uymayanlar target: Neg pred: Pos
gerekmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sığınmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
anlatmadın target: Neg pred: Pos
ayrılmadık target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
unutamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yazmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
etmiyorduk target: Neg pred: Pos
patlamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
fırlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
dönüşmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşamazdık target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
tutmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
ayrılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
okunamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
tutulmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
tanınmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
şaşırmadık target: Neg pred: Pos
açılamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
örtünmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
kazanmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
değinmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
katılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmeseler target: Neg pred: Pos
aldırmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
sayılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
aldırmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
ulaşamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yenilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
ürkütmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
suçlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
ödeyemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
dışlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçırmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
inemeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
kazanmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
ayrılmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
üretemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uyuyamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
patlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uyarılırsa target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşarlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
yakalayana target: Pos pred: Neg
gözetlemiş target: Pos pred: Neg
kaçacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
onaracağım target: Pos pred: Neg
kurduğumuz target: Pos pred: Neg
küçümserdi target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunduğum target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirdiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
duruyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
oynatılmış target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkartmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
gidenlerse target: Pos pred: Neg
rastlardım target: Pos pred: Neg
düşündüğüm target: Pos pred: Neg
yürümüştüm target: Pos pred: Neg
durursunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bakarsınız target: Pos pred: Neg
duyduğunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
döndüğümde target: Pos pred: Neg
yürüyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
edinmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
uğradığını target: Pos pred: Neg
vuracakmış target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediniz target: Pos pred: Neg
hoşlanırım target: Pos pred: Neg
yapacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
verirseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediğim target: Pos pred: Neg
kalırsınız target: Pos pred: Neg
göstermesi target: Pos pred: Neg
diyecektim target: Pos pred: Neg
bakarsanız target: Pos pred: Neg
yaklaşmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
vereceğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
kırıldınız target: Pos pred: Neg
yeteceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
gelirseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
isterseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
benimserim target: Pos pred: Neg
karıştırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
sıkıştırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
davranırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
öksürtmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
bakıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
izliyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
aldığımızı target: Pos pred: Neg
akıtacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
çapalamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
diyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakıldım target: Pos pred: Neg
eşyalaşmış target: Pos pred: Neg
kovdukları target: Pos pred: Neg
kaçırırsın target: Pos pred: Neg
süreceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
alabiliriz target: Pos pred: Neg
iliklenmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
gösteririm target: Pos pred: Neg
yapacağımı target: Pos pred: Neg
oturacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
yumurtladı target: Pos pred: Neg
gittiğimde target: Pos pred: Neg
bildiğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıştırma target: Pos pred: Neg
bilirsiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
tutuyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
gideceğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
sanıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
esnemesini target: Pos pred: Neg
bastırmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
gördüğümde target: Pos pred: Neg
baktığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
sevmeliyiz target: Pos pred: Neg
geçtiğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
düşüyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
verdiğimde target: Pos pred: Neg
ağlıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
verebildim target: Pos pred: Neg
belirteyim target: Pos pred: Neg
yaslandığı target: Pos pred: Neg
duracaktım target: Pos pred: Neg
paylaşmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
söylenmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
gelmesinler target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
yetmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
ödemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
oturmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
algılamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayanlara target: Neg pred: Pos
oynatamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kazanamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmamışlar target: Neg pred: Pos
yetişemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
gidemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
güldürmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmazken target: Neg pred: Pos
kapatamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
oynayamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmamakta target: Neg pred: Pos
görmemiştik target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sokmuyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığının target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
görmüyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermeyip target: Neg pred: Pos
yansıtmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
etkilemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
uyamamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
etkilemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
değillerdir target: Neg pred: Pos
ilerlemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmemezlik target: Neg pred: Pos
yazmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
koymuyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
atılmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşayamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
başaramıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
yürüyemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
davranmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
satılamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
hoşlanmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uyduramayan target: Neg pred: Pos
ödememişler target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
olmazlardan target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
koyamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmiyorduk target: Neg pred: Pos
hazzetmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
olamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
bahsetmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
oturtmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
etmedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
planlamayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
davranmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
görmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
ödeyemezken target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
önemsemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sayılmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
okumayanlar target: Neg pred: Pos
başaramadık target: Neg pred: Pos
onaylamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
döndürmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
vermemişler target: Neg pred: Pos
kalamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
alınmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
beklenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
çözülemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
davranmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmediğine target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmelerini target: Pos pred: Neg
oluyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
yırtıcılığı target: Pos pred: Neg
kurtardıysa target: Pos pred: Neg
geçirdiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
bıraktığını target: Pos pred: Neg
rastladığım target: Pos pred: Neg
üzüleceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünüyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
geçireceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
kaybederdim target: Pos pred: Neg
başlıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
taşıdıkları target: Pos pred: Neg
kapayıncaya target: Pos pred: Neg
oturuyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırdığım target: Pos pred: Neg
kızardığını target: Pos pred: Neg
indirdiğini target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunsaydım target: Pos pred: Neg
olmalısınız target: Pos pred: Neg
beklersiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
susabilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlemesini target: Pos pred: Neg
yalvarışını target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
istediğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
sağolasınız target: Pos pred: Neg
edebildiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
atıyordunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
kalkıştığım target: Pos pred: Neg
ayrılacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
belirlemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
çalıştığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
süreceğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
çağırıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
uyacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
alacağınızı target: Pos pred: Neg
bilseydiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
sersemlemiş target: Pos pred: Neg
ıskalamayla target: Pos pred: Neg
ediyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
arıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
genişlemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
benzediğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
alıştığınız target: Pos pred: Neg
koparacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
sürebilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
bakıldığını target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıyıncaya target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
yürüyeceğiz target: Pos pred: Neg
kullanırsın target: Pos pred: Neg
yiyeceğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıyacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
varabiliriz target: Pos pred: Neg
yaparlarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
ferahlaması target: Pos pred: Neg
ilikleyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
oturduğumda target: Pos pred: Neg
ovuşturmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
duyacağınız target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünülmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
unuttuğumda target: Pos pred: Neg
zannettiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
düzeltilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
eklemlerimi target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmüştüm target: Pos pred: Neg
açıklamaydı target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakmasına target: Pos pred: Neg
engellemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
seğirdiğini target: Pos pred: Neg
uyandığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
tıkandığıma target: Pos pred: Neg
kağıtlarımı target: Pos pred: Neg
olmayanından target: Neg pred: Pos
silinmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
çekemeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
istemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
oynamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
solunmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
uzaklaşmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bakılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
geçememeleri target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
istememeleri target: Neg pred: Pos
ödeyemeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
umursanmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
ilgilenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sağlayamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
gidememekten target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
soramıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
sorulmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yıkanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
düzelmeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayanlara target: Neg pred: Pos
yiyemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
paylaşamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
söylenemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
alamayanlara target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayanlarda target: Neg pred: Pos
çakışmadıkça target: Neg pred: Pos
ulaşamadığın target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
beğenmeseler target: Neg pred: Pos
hatırlamasak target: Neg pred: Pos
gidemeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşayamazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
yatırmayanın target: Neg pred: Pos
başlamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
olamayacaktı target: Neg pred: Pos
haketmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
duyulmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
bitmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
gecikmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
katılmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
uyanmayanlar target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamasından target: Neg pred: Pos
artmayabilir target: Neg pred: Pos
yenemeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
engellemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bakamamaktan target: Neg pred: Pos
takılmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
giremeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
bitiremezler target: Neg pred: Pos
katılmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
almayacaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
yenemiyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmediler target: Neg pred: Pos
bilinmeyenli target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
affetmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
durulmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
rastlanmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşmasalar target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyenleri target: Neg pred: Pos
beğenilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
uygulanmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
almayacaklar target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmeyenlere target: Neg pred: Pos
bozulmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gösteremeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
ayırmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
edilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
kısıtlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sayılmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
güdemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
davranamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
açıklanmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
artırmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
uymamasından target: Neg pred: Pos
güvenemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
okşamalarına target: Pos pred: Neg
azarlamasına target: Pos pred: Neg
gidiyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
yıkıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünüyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
dolaşıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kazımışımdır target: Pos pred: Neg
okuyabilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayabildim target: Pos pred: Neg
boşalacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
bürüneceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
anlaşılacağı target: Pos pred: Neg
unutmuşlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
bakıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
canlanmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
istiyorsanız target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşmalıyım target: Pos pred: Neg
güleceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşacaktım target: Pos pred: Neg
gerektirdiği target: Pos pred: Neg
gülüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
eğlendirmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
başarırdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
durabilirdim target: Pos pred: Neg
yüzleşiyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
düşleyeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptıklarını target: Pos pred: Neg
ferahlatmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
ayarlamasını target: Pos pred: Neg
çalıştıkları target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırmaları target: Pos pred: Neg
çağırdığınız target: Pos pred: Neg
getirdiğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
koşuldukları target: Pos pred: Neg
biliyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
karıştırırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
geçecekmişiz target: Pos pred: Neg
yumruklamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
otururlarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
dolduracağım target: Pos pred: Neg
takınırlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
girdiğimizde target: Pos pred: Neg
biliyorsanız target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkardıkları target: Pos pred: Neg
dolaştırmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
davranışları target: Pos pred: Neg
geldiğinizde target: Pos pred: Neg
duracağınızı target: Pos pred: Neg
hissedeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
tıkanacakmış target: Pos pred: Neg
başlayacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
filizlenmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
boğulmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmemezlik target: Neg pred: Pos
oturtamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
kalkmayanlara target: Neg pred: Pos
etmediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremediler target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmayanlar target: Neg pred: Pos
pekiştirmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
güvenmeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bulmamaktadır target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştirmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyeceksin target: Neg pred: Pos
hoşlanmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
giyemeyeceğin target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamayacağın target: Neg pred: Pos
çevirmediğine target: Neg pred: Pos
getirememenin target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştirmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayacaksın target: Neg pred: Pos
hoşlanmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
söylememiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
görmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
bahsetmeseler target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmüyordur target: Neg pred: Pos
yetişmemesine target: Neg pred: Pos
uygulanamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmüyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
gidememesinin target: Neg pred: Pos
açıklanamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
getirilemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediğinin target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmemektedir target: Neg pred: Pos
uyduramadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
inanamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
beklenmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
ısmarlanmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
oturamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
işleyememenin target: Neg pred: Pos
oynayamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
yenilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
görülemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
doldurmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yetmeyecektir target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
kapılmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
açılmamasının target: Neg pred: Pos
vermemesinden target: Neg pred: Pos
anlayamadığın target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemiyorduk target: Neg pred: Pos
esirgemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
eğlendirmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
getirmemişsin target: Neg pred: Pos
ağlatmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmemektedir target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştirmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
döşeyemediler target: Neg pred: Pos
vermemektedir target: Neg pred: Pos
etkilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
girişmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
yerleştirdiği target: Pos pred: Neg
olabileceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
başlamışlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
öfkelendiğini target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıyabildiği target: Pos pred: Neg
fısıldarlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayacağınız target: Pos pred: Neg
ediliyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
kahroluyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırdığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
hafiflemiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
sarsılırsınız target: Pos pred: Neg
yaklaşıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kullanacaktım target: Pos pred: Neg
başlayacağına target: Pos pred: Neg
titriyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
titrediğinizi target: Pos pred: Neg
söylüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakabilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
bahşettiğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
yalvaracaktım target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyeceğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
hatırlattığım target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemiştiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
görüşebiliriz target: Pos pred: Neg
bağlıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
uzaklaştığını target: Pos pred: Neg
bekliyorsanız target: Pos pred: Neg
damlamaktaydı target: Pos pred: Neg
veriyorlarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
anlattıklarım target: Pos pred: Neg
geçireceğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
kullandığımız target: Pos pred: Neg
yatıracakları target: Pos pred: Neg
vedalaşmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırdığında target: Pos pred: Neg
oynadığımızda target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakılmıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
sevmeyenlerden target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyenlerin target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmıyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
bahsetmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemeliydiler target: Neg pred: Pos
çağrıştırmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
utandırmadığın target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
tasarlamamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
getirilmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
yararlanamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçilmezdir target: Neg pred: Pos
iyileştirmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
kabullenemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
önemsenmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
yakalanmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
koruyamamaktan target: Neg pred: Pos
durdurulamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
kurtaramayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yakıştıramıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
getirememişler target: Neg pred: Pos
üşümeyenlerden target: Neg pred: Pos
sayılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
zedelemesinler target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştiremeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
üretememesinin target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılamamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmemelidir target: Neg pred: Pos
başvuramayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
beğenmedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamayanların target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünememekten target: Neg pred: Pos
yadırgamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
önlenememiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
inanmayacaktın target: Neg pred: Pos
gösterdiklerim target: Pos pred: Neg
götürüleceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
yürütmelerimle target: Pos pred: Neg
yakışıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
paralıyordunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
öğreneceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
aptallaşmıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
görünüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
hazırlamıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
ödenemediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmayacaktın target: Neg pred: Pos
yaptıramıyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
çekilmeyecekler target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayışlarının target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmamasından target: Neg pred: Pos
affetmeyecektir target: Neg pred: Pos
yansıtılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamamazlıktan target: Neg pred: Pos
unutulmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
alınmamalarının target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmeyecektir target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmeyebilirsin target: Neg pred: Pos
getirilmediğine target: Neg pred: Pos
sağlayamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçemeyenler target: Neg pred: Pos
olamayacağından target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmemektedir target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
olunamamasından target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybetmedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
oynayamayabilir target: Neg pred: Pos
gösteremiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyeceklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
sergilemedikten target: Neg pred: Pos
geçinemedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
göndermemesinin target: Neg pred: Pos
çekememezlikler target: Neg pred: Pos
çekememezlikten target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmamasından target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyeceklerine target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçmemelidir target: Neg pred: Pos
dağıtılmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
temizlenmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
indirilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşadıklarımızı target: Pos pred: Neg
anlamışsınızdır target: Pos pred: Neg
tüttürüyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
mırıldanıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
uzaklaştırdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
kaybedeceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
kutsallaştığını target: Pos pred: Neg
bahsediyordunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamadıklarında target: Neg pred: Pos
keşfetmediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
değerlendirmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
hissedilmemesine target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyeceklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmayacaksın target: Neg pred: Pos
çekinmemişlerdir target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşanmayabilirdi target: Neg pred: Pos
tamamlanamamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
bitirememişlerdi target: Neg pred: Pos
doldurulamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçırılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
seçilmediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
rastlayamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
inandıramıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
verilemeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
hazırlanmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
bakışmalarımızdı target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayabiliyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
yalnızlaşacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
paylaşacaklarını target: Pos pred: Neg
anımsatıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
ilgilenmemişlerdi target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılmamasının target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçilmemelidir target: Neg pred: Pos
beğenmeyebilirsin target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
anlatmadıklarıyla target: Neg pred: Pos
tutamadıklarından target: Neg pred: Pos
öğrenemediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
bastıramayanların target: Neg pred: Pos
uygulanmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
yiyemediklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
zannedilmemelidir target: Neg pred: Pos
eğitilmediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
ilerleyemediğinde target: Neg pred: Pos
acıtabiliyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
bulabiliyorlarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
çiftleştirmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
gösterememelerinin target: Neg pred: Pos
belirlemediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
yürütülemeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
selamlayacaklarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrenilemeyeceğidir target: Neg pred: Pos
sahiplenilmedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
gerçekleştirememesine target: Neg pred: Pos
gerçekleştiremeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
