konuştum target: Pos pred: Neg
ellerimi target: Pos pred: Neg
olacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
öpüyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
bıraktım target: Pos pred: Neg
unuturuz target: Pos pred: Neg
değiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
korkarım target: Pos pred: Neg
ediyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
yapmamız target: Pos pred: Neg
bulduğum target: Pos pred: Neg
dinledim target: Pos pred: Neg
övmenize target: Pos pred: Neg
dersiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
buldunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bilseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
görürdüm target: Pos pred: Neg
bakardım target: Pos pred: Neg
geldiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
tamamlanmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybetmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
dönmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
varılmıyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayabilirdi target: Neg pred: Pos
karıştırmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
dayanamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkaramıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
umursamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
geçiremiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
sırnaşmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
edemiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
tanıyamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
hissetmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
götüremeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmayacaktı target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamayacaktı target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
edemeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
öğrenemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
olamayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
güzelleşmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadıklarını target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamadıkları target: Neg pred: Pos
karışamayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmamalıydın target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamadıkları target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemeseydin target: Neg pred: Pos
görmediğimden target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkarmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçınamayınca target: Neg pred: Pos
bekleyemezsek target: Neg pred: Pos
bitmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
kirletmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
titrememesine target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemiyordun target: Neg pred: Pos
dönmediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
önemsememişti target: Neg pred: Pos
kakmayacaksın target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybetmeseydi target: Neg pred: Pos
keşfedilmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
hissetmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
arzulamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkartamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşlanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
tekrarlatmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
anlatamayınca target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybolmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
karşılaşmaman target: Neg pred: Pos
ulaşamayacağı target: Neg pred: Pos
inanamayacağı target: Neg pred: Pos
kestiremediği target: Neg pred: Pos
koruyamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
güvenemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
yuvarlanmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
beceremiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gidemediğinin target: Neg pred: Pos
hoşlanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılmadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
öğrenemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşanamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
ilgilenmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
ezilmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
göremeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Pos
sağlayamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyeceksin target: Neg pred: Pos
önemsemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyişinden target: Neg pred: Pos
ilerleyemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
konmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
içermediğinde target: Neg pred: Pos
gösterilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntülenemeyebileceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
biçimlendiremeyeceklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
kötülediniz target: Pos pred: Neg
kattığımızı target: Pos pred: Neg
gözettiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
girişiyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
alıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
olacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptığınızı target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
dilemeliyiz target: Pos pred: Neg
dinliyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
çekileceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
tekrarladım target: Pos pred: Neg
kıvıracağım target: Pos pred: Neg
edeceğinizi target: Pos pred: Neg
zannettiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
vermiyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
veremezler target: Neg pred: Pos
kapatmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
silemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
uğraşmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
taslamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
alamayınca target: Neg pred: Pos
okuyamamış target: Neg pred: Pos
duramazsın target: Neg pred: Pos
almıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmadıkça target: Neg pred: Pos
sollamayın target: Neg pred: Pos
uyuyamamış target: Neg pred: Pos
başlamasın target: Neg pred: Pos
edemeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
sorulmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
harcamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
addetmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
beğenmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
yitirmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamasına target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
oynanmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kapılmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
gidilmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kapanmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
şaşırmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
aşmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
gerilemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
biliyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
saklıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
zannederiz target: Pos pred: Neg
uzaklaştım target: Pos pred: Neg
gördüğünüz target: Pos pred: Neg
inanıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
etkinleştirilmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
gerçekleştiremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
getirme target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakma target: Pos pred: Neg
yıkmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
sanırım target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşma target: Pos pred: Neg
evlenme target: Pos pred: Neg
buluruz target: Pos pred: Neg
görelim target: Pos pred: Neg
izledim target: Pos pred: Neg
unuttum target: Pos pred: Neg
konmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
olmayız target: Pos pred: Neg
yaratma target: Pos pred: Neg
gidelim target: Pos pred: Neg
anladım target: Pos pred: Neg
sormaya target: Pos pred: Neg
ettiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
geliriz target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
olamayacağı target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybetmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
geçemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Pos
sığamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
sürmediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
yemediğinde target: Neg pred: Pos
açılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayacaktı target: Neg pred: Pos
giremediler target: Neg pred: Pos
dayanamayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayabilir target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
söylenmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
istemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
yaramıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
beslenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmemezlik target: Neg pred: Pos
evlenmemeli target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
seçilmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
içermiyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığında target: Neg pred: Pos
açamayacağı target: Neg pred: Pos
açılmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
çözülemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayanları target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmemesini target: Neg pred: Pos
görmemesini target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
görülemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
gerekmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
vermediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
kaldırmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
artmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
eklemedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
sağlanmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
taşınamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamasıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamamakta target: Neg pred: Pos
belirtmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
çalmamaları target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediğin target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmezken target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmamaları target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyenlere target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
girmeseydik target: Neg pred: Pos
dinlenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
hazmedemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
bakmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
reddetmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmamaları target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemeliler target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmamaları target: Neg pred: Pos
yanıltmasın target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmedikten target: Neg pred: Pos
uygulanması target: Pos pred: Neg
endişelenme target: Pos pred: Neg
durmaksızın target: Pos pred: Neg
solumasıydı target: Pos pred: Neg
geçinmemizi target: Pos pred: Neg
öldüreceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
düşüneceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
yapabilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
bulabilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğumuzda target: Pos pred: Neg
dökebilmeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
onaylıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
alkışlamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
izleyeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşulmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
karşılaştım target: Pos pred: Neg
verdiğinizi target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
değiştirdim target: Pos pred: Neg
hazırladığı target: Pos pred: Neg
tanışmıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
ediyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
olmayasınız target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlenmeniz target: Pos pred: Neg
yalvardınız target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşmanıza target: Pos pred: Neg
hissettiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlerseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşuyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
kızdırdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
kötüleyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
yayacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
baksanıza target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşalım target: Pos pred: Neg
artırmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlemeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
edersiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrenirim target: Pos pred: Neg
olursanız target: Pos pred: Neg
olurdunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
çektiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşması target: Pos pred: Neg
anladınız target: Pos pred: Neg
alırdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
edebildim target: Pos pred: Neg
yapacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
evlenmeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
mahvettim target: Pos pred: Neg
koyacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
soracağım target: Pos pred: Neg
etmeliyiz target: Pos pred: Neg
kaçacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
ederseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
getiririm target: Pos pred: Neg
kaplamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
tanışmayı target: Pos pred: Neg
soruyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrenmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
dolanmayı target: Pos pred: Neg
atlatmayı target: Pos pred: Neg
atlatmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
sokulması target: Pos pred: Neg
ayrılmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
diyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
saydığı target: Pos pred: Neg
gelelim target: Pos pred: Neg
tutmayı target: Pos pred: Neg
durmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
üzülmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
açmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamakla target: Neg pred: Pos
vermediği target: Neg pred: Pos
içermeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
eklemeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
eklemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmuyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
okunmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
alamazsan target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
kurmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
açılmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
almadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyenin target: Neg pred: Pos
gelemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmazken target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmese target: Neg pred: Pos
korkmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
inanmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
oluşmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
giremiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
denemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
dinlemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
biliyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
seveceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
ferahlama target: Pos pred: Neg
taşınması target: Pos pred: Neg
yapılmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
göreceğiz target: Pos pred: Neg
üzülürdüm target: Pos pred: Neg
sanıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
buluyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
gelişmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptım target: Pos pred: Neg
vurdum target: Pos pred: Neg
verdim target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldım target: Pos pred: Neg
ederiz target: Pos pred: Neg
vardım target: Pos pred: Neg
alalım target: Pos pred: Neg
gerçekleşmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
gerçekleştiremediği target: Neg pred: Pos
uyandırmayacağından target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştiremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılamayacaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
kaydettirilmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
değerlendiremiyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntülenmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
oluşturulmayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
düzenlenemediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
karşılayamayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
erime target: Pos pred: Neg
verme target: Pos pred: Neg
yedim target: Pos pred: Neg
kızdı target: Pos pred: Neg
sezdi target: Pos pred: Neg
oldum target: Pos pred: Neg
ettim target: Pos pred: Neg
gerçekleştiremeyeceği target: Neg pred: Pos
çalıştırılamayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
biçimlendirilmediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
vermezsin target: Neg pred: Pos
görmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyeni target: Neg pred: Pos
alışmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
istemedik target: Neg pred: Pos
yaramayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
şaşırmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
olmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
etmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
almamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
görmezsek target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
görmemeye target: Neg pred: Pos
kalkmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
edemezsin target: Neg pred: Pos
ayırmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
uğramıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
ayırmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemedin target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmezsek target: Neg pred: Pos
durmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
edemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmese target: Neg pred: Pos
olmasaydı target: Neg pred: Pos
saklamadı target: Neg pred: Pos
edinmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamamış target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
azalmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
ağlamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
almıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
olamazsın target: Neg pred: Pos
bayılmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkarmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmemeyi target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımamış target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamamış target: Neg pred: Pos
satmamaya target: Neg pred: Pos
yemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
içmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
görmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
içmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
umulmadık target: Neg pred: Pos
açamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
ağlamayın target: Neg pred: Pos
istemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
kırılmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
dokunmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
ulaşmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
olamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
edemezdik target: Neg pred: Pos
sokmadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
duyulmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
tutamayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
istememiş target: Neg pred: Pos
veremiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadıkça target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyişi target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımayabilir target: Neg pred: Pos
gönderilmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
algılayamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
ayarlayamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştirmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmamasına target: Neg pred: Pos
desteklemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
sağlanmadıysa target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
desteklemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
çözülemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
yönetilemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
içermemelidir target: Neg pred: Pos
doğrulanmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
kaydedilmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
gerçekleşmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
şifrelenmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmadığına target: Neg pred: Pos
yenilenemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
okuyamıyordur target: Neg pred: Pos
kaldırmadıkça target: Neg pred: Pos
çözümlenmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
eklenmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmadıkça target: Neg pred: Pos
bulmayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yüklenmediyse target: Neg pred: Pos
depolanmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
bozmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
etkilenmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
belirtmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
azaltmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
başlamadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
gerekmediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
alınamamasına target: Neg pred: Pos
içermeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
istemedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmeyecektik target: Neg pred: Pos
kurtulamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmamasını target: Neg pred: Pos
oynanmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
sönmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
sağlamayacağı target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayanlardan target: Neg pred: Pos
yakalanmamaya target: Neg pred: Pos
aksatmamaları target: Neg pred: Pos
dolaşmamaları target: Neg pred: Pos
bitirilemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybetmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamalarının target: Neg pred: Pos
engelleyemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamayanlara target: Neg pred: Pos
onaylatmadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
durmayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
dinlemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
hoşlanmamızın target: Pos pred: Neg
görmeliydiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
tamamlamamıza target: Pos pred: Neg
unutacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
söylüyordunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
yanılabilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
duymalıydınız target: Pos pred: Neg
püslenecektim target: Pos pred: Neg
gösterdiğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
götüreceğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
ayıracaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyecektim target: Pos pred: Neg
evlenebilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlemişsiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
kavuşturdunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
kalkacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
bilmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
değildir target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemeni target: Neg pred: Pos
duymamış target: Neg pred: Pos
değilmiş target: Neg pred: Pos
görmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
tutamadı target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
bulmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
kesmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
varmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
görmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
basmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmadın target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamadı target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemeyi target: Neg pred: Pos
durmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
varmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
sanmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
değildin target: Neg pred: Pos
tutmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
istemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olamayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
vuramadı target: Neg pred: Pos
görmesin target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşamadı target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
vermesin target: Neg pred: Pos
dönmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamadı target: Neg pred: Pos
takmadın target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımadı target: Neg pred: Pos
demezler target: Neg pred: Pos
doymasın target: Neg pred: Pos
duymuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
olamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
düşmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmasın target: Neg pred: Pos
sokmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
görmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
bakmadın target: Neg pred: Pos
girmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
değmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmesin target: Neg pred: Pos
yatmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
gülmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayışı target: Neg pred: Pos
çalmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
kalkmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
açmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
okumamış target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
etmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
açılmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
göremedi target: Neg pred: Pos
olamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
imzalanmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
yetmemesidir target: Neg pred: Pos
edemeyeceğin target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayacağını target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmamalısın target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bahsetmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
bilinmemekle target: Neg pred: Pos
öğrenilemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
başlamamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkarmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
saklayamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
oturamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayacağına target: Neg pred: Pos
ayrılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gerekmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
benzemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmüyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
beslemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
yanılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
gizleyememiş target: Neg pred: Pos
görememiştik target: Neg pred: Pos
gözükmüyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
kovmamalıydı target: Neg pred: Pos
yadırgamayın target: Neg pred: Pos
yıkılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
boylamamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
anlayamazsın target: Neg pred: Pos
anlatmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
yaşayamazsın target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
ağlamıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
istemiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
dokunmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bahsedilmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
işlemediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
dayanamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
edemedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
ayrılmayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamalarına target: Neg pred: Pos
kalkışmazsan target: Neg pred: Pos
söylememişti target: Neg pred: Pos
dokunulmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
ölmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
söyletmezsin target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemesinden target: Neg pred: Pos
tasalanmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
yanaşamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
uyandırmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
dağıtılmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
görmedikleri target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçmediği target: Neg pred: Pos
bitirmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
doyamıyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
anlayamadığı target: Neg pred: Pos
yetişmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
geçirmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
geçirmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
aldırmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gözükmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
duyulmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmüyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
içmiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Pos
dokunulmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
geçiremediği target: Neg pred: Pos
anlayamazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
aşmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
vermedi target: Neg pred: Pos
olmasın target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
değildi target: Neg pred: Pos
değilse target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmese target: Neg pred: Pos
ekmesin target: Neg pred: Pos
üzmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamış target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
görmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
girmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
tutmadı target: Neg pred: Pos
dönmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
olmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
almamış target: Neg pred: Pos
ölmedin target: Neg pred: Pos
etmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
açmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
uyumadı target: Neg pred: Pos
etmesin target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmese target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
almayan target: Neg pred: Pos
üzmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
uymuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
demeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
edemese target: Neg pred: Pos
uymayan target: Neg pred: Pos
almıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
atmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
içmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
demiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
aşmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
uymamış target: Neg pred: Pos
etmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
demedi target: Neg pred: Pos
ölmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
gördüm target: Pos pred: Neg
etmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
unutma target: Pos pred: Neg
ederim target: Pos pred: Neg
överiz target: Pos pred: Neg
olmanı target: Pos pred: Neg
gittim target: Pos pred: Neg
olmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
sordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kızmam target: Pos pred: Neg
almaya target: Pos pred: Neg
geçtim target: Pos pred: Neg
olması target: Pos pred: Neg
açmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
duydum target: Pos pred: Neg
çıktım target: Pos pred: Neg
baktım target: Pos pred: Neg
versem target: Pos pred: Neg
ölürüm target: Pos pred: Neg
etmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkarmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
alamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
göndermedi target: Neg pred: Pos
göstermedi target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
almadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
istemezsen target: Neg pred: Pos
binmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
tanınmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
bakmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
bulmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemiştin target: Neg pred: Pos
yanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
işlenmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
karışmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
öğrenemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
getirmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
çekinmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
atamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
düşmüyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemeyip target: Neg pred: Pos
getiremedi target: Neg pred: Pos
vermiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
aldırmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
dinmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
vermeyince target: Neg pred: Pos
sormamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
girmeseydi target: Neg pred: Pos
girmemekle target: Neg pred: Pos
olmuyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemezsin target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
almamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
vermediler target: Neg pred: Pos
etkilemedi target: Neg pred: Pos
duymamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
evlenmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemesin target: Neg pred: Pos
görmüyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
vermedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
veremediği target: Neg pred: Pos
çürütmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
silinmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
istenmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
verilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
gerekmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yüklenmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
kavramayın target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
çevirmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayanlar target: Neg pred: Pos
tanınmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
eşleşmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Pos
erişemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
etmediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
duymuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
alamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
edemediler target: Neg pred: Pos
etmiyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
durmuyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
dönmediler target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
edemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
konuşmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçırmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
ayıramıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bitiremedi target: Neg pred: Pos
ayrılmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığına target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmayıp target: Neg pred: Pos
kesilmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
emretmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
toslamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
alamayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
aldırmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
kaybetmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
yetişmemiş target: Neg pred: Pos
inanamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
girmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
saplamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
yanılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
sataşmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bitmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
geçemediği target: Neg pred: Pos
etmesinler target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
bilinmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
darılmayın target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmemekle target: Neg pred: Pos
dinlemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yakışmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
almıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
gülmediler target: Neg pred: Pos
anlatmıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uyutmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
erimemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
edememişti target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
kesilmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmezler target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
edilemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
yitirmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bakmayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamazsan target: Neg pred: Pos
gelmemişse target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemesini target: Neg pred: Pos
görmeseydi target: Neg pred: Pos
getirmedin target: Neg pred: Pos
değilimdir target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediği target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadıklarının target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmadığının target: Neg pred: Pos
öğrenememişler target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
beklenmediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
kaçırılmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
arttırılmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
kutlamalısınız target: Pos pred: Neg
kıyasladığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
hayıflanıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
çalkalandığını target: Pos pred: Neg
kandırıldığını target: Pos pred: Neg
rastlayacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
ayıplayacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
canlandırdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
batırdıklarını target: Pos pred: Neg
büyülüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
ayrılacağımızı target: Pos pred: Neg
koruyacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşuyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunuyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
düşündüklerimi target: Pos pred: Neg
bağırdıklarını target: Pos pred: Neg
açıklıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakmalarıydı target: Pos pred: Neg
davranışlarını target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
uğramışlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
geldiğimizde target: Pos pred: Neg
evlendirmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
sonuçlanırsa target: Pos pred: Neg
çakışmasıydı target: Pos pred: Neg
reddedilmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
sayılacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
karıştırdığı target: Pos pred: Neg
çekiniyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
duyacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
gösteriyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
yapıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bulacaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatmalıyım target: Pos pred: Neg
bahsediyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
hatırlıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
başlayacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
isteseydiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediğiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
duygulandığı target: Pos pred: Neg
istiyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
sokacaklardı target: Pos pred: Neg
tüketmeyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
bakıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
soruyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
ayırmıştınız target: Pos pred: Neg
duruyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
koyacağınızı target: Pos pred: Neg
sanıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
çekiyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
vereceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
olmasındandı target: Pos pred: Neg
kötülüyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
kazıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
bahsedeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
buluyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
şaşıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
şakıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
görüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
karşıladınız target: Pos pred: Neg
bağışlıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
dikecektiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
gidiyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
duyuyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
anlıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
giriyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
desteklemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
selamlaşmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
yatıştırmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
dizginlemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
yaklaştığını target: Pos pred: Neg
uzaklaştırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
saldırmasına target: Pos pred: Neg
kastetmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bilemeyecektir target: Neg pred: Pos
hesaplayamamak target: Neg pred: Pos
dokundurtmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
uzaklaşmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
söyleyemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünmemelisin target: Neg pred: Pos
ilgilenmiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
çaktırmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
veremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
görmediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
giremeyişinden target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyeceksin target: Neg pred: Pos
endişelenmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
kestiremiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünülmüyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
söylemeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
paketlememişti target: Neg pred: Pos
gelemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
bitiremezlerdi target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
kaldıramayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
geçiremediğini target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
gerçekleşmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
olmadığınızdan target: Neg pred: Pos
içermeyecektir target: Neg pred: Pos
yazdırılamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
gönderilemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmadığında target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayacağından target: Neg pred: Pos
edilmemektedir target: Neg pred: Pos
doğrulanamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
göremeyecektir target: Neg pred: Pos
görünmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
desteklenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
içermediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
alınmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
çözümlenemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
çözümleyemiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
karşılayamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmadığında target: Neg pred: Pos
içermeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Pos
adayacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
küfretmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
umursadığı target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyelim target: Pos pred: Neg
dalarlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
bahsetmeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
uçarcasına target: Pos pred: Neg
korkutmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
giderseniz target: Pos pred: Neg
sandığınız target: Pos pred: Neg
anlarsınız target: Pos pred: Neg
çıktığınız target: Pos pred: Neg
kandırmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
dinleyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
yapıştırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
eğlendiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
duyacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
diyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
hatırladım target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğunuza target: Pos pred: Neg
unutmuştum target: Pos pred: Neg
sayılacağı target: Pos pred: Neg
söylüyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
başlıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
evlenmeniz target: Pos pred: Neg
yatışmanız target: Pos pred: Neg
tekrarladı target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlediniz target: Pos pred: Neg
oynadığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
gelişinize target: Pos pred: Neg
bahsetmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
vuruldunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
istiyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
konuştunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
batırdınız target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrendiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
göstereyim target: Pos pred: Neg
başvurayım target: Pos pred: Neg
olsaydınız target: Pos pred: Neg
homurdandı target: Pos pred: Neg
hesaplardı target: Pos pred: Neg
sorarsanız target: Pos pred: Neg
açıklamayı target: Pos pred: Neg
anladığıma target: Pos pred: Neg
istediğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
saydıkları target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrettiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
korkuyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
ayıplamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
yayarlarsa target: Pos pred: Neg
göstermeli target: Pos pred: Neg
koymalıydı target: Pos pred: Neg
basmalıydı target: Pos pred: Neg
kıvırtması target: Pos pred: Neg
korumasına target: Pos pred: Neg
çekemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
beklenmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
duramıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmazlar target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
demeyecekti target: Neg pred: Pos
vermiyorlar target: Neg pred: Pos
istemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
unutmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
yetmiyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
sevememişti target: Neg pred: Pos
acımamışlar target: Neg pred: Pos
duramayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
beklenmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
sevmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
göremeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
atılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
vuramamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
gülemediler target: Neg pred: Pos
iliklemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
bilmiyormuş target: Neg pred: Pos
durmamıştık target: Neg pred: Pos
alışmadıkça target: Neg pred: Pos
gitmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
korkmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
zannetmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
çaktırmamak target: Neg pred: Pos
lekelememek target: Neg pred: Pos
kalmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyerek target: Neg pred: Pos
bahsetmeyin target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkmıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamadılar target: Neg pred: Pos
bulamamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
görüşmeyeli target: Neg pred: Pos
anlayamıyor target: Neg pred: Pos
tanımamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
gelememişti target: Neg pred: Pos
ayırmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
oynamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
çıkamayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakılamayacağından target: Neg pred: Pos
görüştürülmeyenlerin target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntüleyemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
etkinleştirilmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
dönüştürülemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
güçlendirmeyeceğidir target: Neg pred: Pos
karşılaştırılmayacak target: Neg pred: Pos
heyecanlandırmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılandırılmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Pos
asmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
duymaya target: Pos pred: Neg
tutması target: Pos pred: Neg
yapayım target: Pos pred: Neg
etmeniz target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkayım target: Pos pred: Neg
giderdi target: Pos pred: Neg
dikildi target: Pos pred: Neg
gülelim target: Pos pred: Neg
bölmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
varması target: Pos pred: Neg
bulandı target: Pos pred: Neg
dayayın target: Pos pred: Neg
çalsana target: Pos pred: Neg
evlendi target: Pos pred: Neg
severim target: Pos pred: Neg
okumaya target: Pos pred: Neg
çökmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
karışın target: Pos pred: Neg
koşarım target: Pos pred: Neg
gelirim target: Pos pred: Neg
olurdum target: Pos pred: Neg
getirdi target: Pos pred: Neg
vermeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
çevirdi target: Pos pred: Neg
ettiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
zorladı target: Pos pred: Neg
bakalım target: Pos pred: Neg
parladı target: Pos pred: Neg
tanımam target: Pos pred: Neg
dediniz target: Pos pred: Neg
kavradı target: Pos pred: Neg
fırladı target: Pos pred: Neg
kınayın target: Pos pred: Neg
bilirim target: Pos pred: Neg
kalışım target: Pos pred: Neg
olmanız target: Pos pred: Neg
daldığı target: Pos pred: Neg
olacağı target: Pos pred: Neg
kapıldı target: Pos pred: Neg
geçmeli target: Pos pred: Neg
diyeyim target: Pos pred: Neg
sevmeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
yaparız target: Pos pred: Neg
kapadım target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkarım target: Pos pred: Neg
inanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
yapalım target: Pos pred: Neg
vermeye target: Pos pred: Neg
yarasın target: Pos pred: Neg
gideriz target: Pos pred: Neg
giyindi target: Pos pred: Neg
hıçkıra target: Pos pred: Neg
yolmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
almadan target: Pos pred: Neg
gelmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
sıkışsa target: Pos pred: Neg
gelirdi target: Pos pred: Neg
sayardı target: Pos pred: Neg
duyması target: Pos pred: Neg
kesmeni target: Pos pred: Neg
gelirse target: Pos pred: Neg
bağladı target: Pos pred: Neg
bilmediklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
kaynaklanmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
engelleyemiyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
bilememelerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
istemeyeceğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
görmediklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
yaralanmayacaktı target: Neg pred: Pos
engelleyemeyerek target: Neg pred: Pos
aydınlanmamışken target: Neg pred: Pos
yükleyemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
gerektirmediğine target: Neg pred: Pos
dönüştürülemeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
gösterilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
tamamlanmamıştır target: Neg pred: Pos
çekmeyeceklerdir target: Neg pred: Pos
evlenebilirlerdi target: Pos pred: Neg
uyandıracaksınız target: Pos pred: Neg
bakabileceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
konuştuklarımızı target: Pos pred: Neg
çatırdatırcasına target: Pos pred: Neg
yaklaştıklarında target: Pos pred: Neg
korumaya target: Pos pred: Neg
eğmeleri target: Pos pred: Neg
azıttığı target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıması target: Pos pred: Neg
tartmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
istediğim target: Pos pred: Neg
bulacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
yudumladı target: Pos pred: Neg
sevdiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemeyi target: Pos pred: Neg
sorabilme target: Pos pred: Neg
seviyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
istiyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğumda target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdığın target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğumuz target: Pos pred: Neg
olmasıdır target: Pos pred: Neg
istiyorsa target: Pos pred: Neg
yüklenmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
etmelisin target: Pos pred: Neg
almalısın target: Pos pred: Neg
olacaksın target: Pos pred: Neg
bayılırım target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşlanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
yedikleri target: Pos pred: Neg
vereceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
attığında target: Pos pred: Neg
olacağını target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkarmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
diliyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
izlediğim target: Pos pred: Neg
çekiciydi target: Pos pred: Neg
gecikmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
dolaşmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
saklaması target: Pos pred: Neg
gelişmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
gerekirse target: Pos pred: Neg
dövüşmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
yuvarladı target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatayım target: Pos pred: Neg
gerekirdi target: Pos pred: Neg
saydığımı target: Pos pred: Neg
gidiyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlediği target: Pos pred: Neg
gideceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
alevlendi target: Pos pred: Neg
yıkasaydı target: Pos pred: Neg
duymuştum target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediği target: Pos pred: Neg
canlanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
ağlamaklı target: Pos pred: Neg
geldiğini target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşıyoruz target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
okumuştum target: Pos pred: Neg
şaşırtıcı target: Pos pred: Neg
körükledi target: Pos pred: Neg
edebilsem target: Pos pred: Neg
kucakladı target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdığım target: Pos pred: Neg
veriyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
kılıcınız target: Pos pred: Neg
sereceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
gömülmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
gitmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
kalmıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
bakacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
götüreyim target: Pos pred: Neg
yatırırım target: Pos pred: Neg
suçlamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayınca target: Pos pred: Neg
saklamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
diyeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
bağırmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
gitmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
vermemek target: Neg pred: Pos
bulmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
tutmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
dolmuyor target: Neg pred: Pos
sürmüyor target: Neg pred: Pos
girmemek target: Neg pred: Pos
gözlendi target: Pos pred: Neg
geriledi target: Pos pred: Neg
gerileme target: Pos pred: Neg
akmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
sağlayan target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıdığı target: Pos pred: Neg
bildirdi target: Pos pred: Neg
açıklama target: Pos pred: Neg
başlayan target: Pos pred: Neg
ulaştığı target: Pos pred: Neg
olsaydım target: Pos pred: Neg
yapardım target: Pos pred: Neg
oynamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
dolanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
verilmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
haykırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
verdimse target: Pos pred: Neg
gösterdi target: Pos pred: Neg
edilmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
uğurlama target: Pos pred: Neg
silkindi target: Pos pred: Neg
söyledim target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemen target: Pos pred: Neg
çizdiğin target: Pos pred: Neg
evlenmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
bilirsin target: Pos pred: Neg
olacaksa target: Pos pred: Neg
edeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
aradığım target: Pos pred: Neg
giyindim target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
vermemesidir target: Neg pred: Pos
içermediğine target: Neg pred: Pos
seçilmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
açmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamaktadır target: Neg pred: Pos
izleyemezler target: Neg pred: Pos
olmayanların target: Neg pred: Pos
eklenmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
etmemektedir target: Neg pred: Pos
görülmeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
bırakmayarak target: Neg pred: Pos
belirlendiği target: Pos pred: Neg
suçlamalarda target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışmaların target: Pos pred: Neg
yapabileceği target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptıklarına target: Pos pred: Neg
korkmamızdır target: Pos pred: Neg
güvendiğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
göreceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
ilerliyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
hissettiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
hissediyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
hoşlanıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
kullanmadıklarıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
tanıştırılmamıştık target: Neg pred: Pos
biçimlendirmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılamayabilir target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntülemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntülenmemiştir target: Neg pred: Pos
görmeyeceklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
değiştirilmediğine target: Neg pred: Pos
kararlaştırdığımız target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakılmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanılamıyordur target: Neg pred: Pos
çakışmayacağından target: Neg pred: Pos
gerektirmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Pos
denenmeyeceğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
suçlayabilirsiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
evlenecekmişsiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
karşılaşıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
etmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
daldı target: Pos pred: Neg
bastı target: Pos pred: Neg
üşüme target: Pos pred: Neg
kopsa target: Pos pred: Neg
dedim target: Pos pred: Neg
sandı target: Pos pred: Neg
almış target: Pos pred: Neg
girme target: Pos pred: Neg
aradı target: Pos pred: Neg
kalsa target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptınız target: Pos pred: Neg
anlattım target: Pos pred: Neg
verdiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
vardınız target: Pos pred: Neg
sordunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
diyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
olmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
sarsıldı target: Pos pred: Neg
gördüğüm target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrendim target: Pos pred: Neg
edebildi target: Pos pred: Neg
öğrenmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
gittiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
küçümser target: Pos pred: Neg
uğraştım target: Pos pred: Neg
acıdığım target: Pos pred: Neg
götürdüm target: Pos pred: Neg
işlediği target: Pos pred: Neg
severdim target: Pos pred: Neg
yapacağı target: Pos pred: Neg
varmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
ettiğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
konuldum target: Pos pred: Neg
demekmiş target: Pos pred: Neg
kurmanın target: Pos pred: Neg
sanmanın target: Pos pred: Neg
eğiyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
dayanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
bakışını target: Pos pred: Neg
söylesem target: Pos pred: Neg
alıyorum target: Pos pred: Neg
daldırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
sevdiğim target: Pos pred: Neg
ağlamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
kaynayan target: Pos pred: Neg
anlaması target: Pos pred: Neg
kazanmış target: Pos pred: Neg
duydunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
söylendi target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
yığılmış target: Pos pred: Neg
etmesine target: Pos pred: Neg
gelişini target: Pos pred: Neg
kararmış target: Pos pred: Neg
fırlamış target: Pos pred: Neg
işitiriz target: Pos pred: Neg
yakaladı target: Pos pred: Neg
alışmalı target: Pos pred: Neg
istemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
yapılmış target: Pos pred: Neg
saldırdı target: Pos pred: Neg
uyarmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
korumalı target: Pos pred: Neg
edildiği target: Pos pred: Neg
seslendi target: Pos pred: Neg
benziyor target: Pos pred: Neg
başlarsa target: Pos pred: Neg
atılmaya target: Pos pred: Neg
kıvrıldı target: Pos pred: Neg
şaşırmış target: Pos pred: Neg
onayladı target: Pos pred: Neg
indi target: Pos pred: Neg
aldı target: Pos pred: Neg
dedi target: Pos pred: Neg
alma target: Pos pred: Neg
koşa target: Pos pred: Neg
olsa target: Pos pred: Neg
eğdi target: Pos pred: Neg
doya target: Pos pred: Neg
kaybetmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
olacakları target: Pos pred: Neg
ilerlemeye target: Pos pred: Neg
saldırdığı target: Pos pred: Neg
oturakaldı target: Pos pred: Neg
olmaksızın target: Pos pred: Neg
kestirmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
çalıştıysa target: Pos pred: Neg
abanıverdi target: Pos pred: Neg
yuvarlandı target: Pos pred: Neg
yaptıkları target: Pos pred: Neg
saldırınca target: Pos pred: Neg
okşamaları target: Pos pred: Neg
hortladığı target: Pos pred: Neg
alışabilme target: Pos pred: Neg
diklendiği target: Pos pred: Neg
bağlandığı target: Pos pred: Neg
gösterdiği target: Pos pred: Neg
bırakacağı target: Pos pred: Neg
kaptırdığı target: Pos pred: Neg
ise target: Pos pred: Neg
idi target: Pos pred: Neg
acı target: Pos pred: Neg
süz target: Pos pred: Neg
ilgilendirmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
dönmeyeceğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
sinirlenmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
aydınlatmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
anlaşılamıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
hastalanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
benzememesinden target: Neg pred: Pos
verememişçesine target: Neg pred: Pos
düşünülemeyecek target: Neg pred: Pos
kabullenmemişti target: Neg pred: Pos
alınamamasından target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntülenmiyor target: Neg pred: Pos
gerekmediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
bozmayacağından target: Neg pred: Pos
eklenmediğinden target: Neg pred: Pos
çalışmadığından target: Neg pred: Pos
görüntülenmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
dışlanmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunamayabilir target: Neg pred: Pos
bulunmamaktadır target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanabileceği target: Pos pred: Neg
koşturuyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
yerleştirilmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
hissettiriyorsa target: Pos pred: Neg
somurtuyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
göstermelisiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
değiştirmeliyim target: Pos pred: Neg
mahvediyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
gezdiriyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
kalkışıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
tekrarlayacağım target: Pos pred: Neg
vazgeçirdiğimin target: Pos pred: Neg
affettireceğini target: Pos pred: Neg
söyledikleriniz target: Pos pred: Neg
seyrediyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyeceksiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
söylediklerimin target: Pos pred: Neg
sarılabileceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
tekrarlanmasına target: Pos pred: Neg
kıyaslandığında target: Pos pred: Neg
paylaşıyorlarsa target: Pos pred: Neg
