al target: Pos pred: Pos
ol target: Pos pred: Pos
der target: Pos pred: Pos
bur target: Pos pred: Pos
bul target: Pos pred: Pos
sat target: Pos pred: Pos
ver target: Pos pred: Pos
çık target: Pos pred: Pos
yap target: Pos pred: Pos
dur target: Pos pred: Pos
uçtu target: Pos pred: Pos
uçup target: Pos pred: Pos
uçan target: Pos pred: Pos
açıp target: Pos pred: Pos
boşa target: Pos pred: Pos
itip target: Pos pred: Pos
otur target: Pos pred: Pos
alıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ezip target: Pos pred: Pos
atın target: Pos pred: Pos
ören target: Pos pred: Pos
alın target: Pos pred: Pos
kalk target: Pos pred: Pos
etse target: Pos pred: Pos
üzüp target: Pos pred: Pos
uyur target: Pos pred: Pos
atıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ölür target: Pos pred: Pos
almam target: Neg pred: Neg
olmam target: Neg pred: Neg
kurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
giren target: Pos pred: Pos
görüp target: Pos pred: Pos
sorup target: Pos pred: Pos
çekip target: Pos pred: Pos
bitip target: Pos pred: Pos
solup target: Pos pred: Pos
sorar target: Pos pred: Pos
çakan target: Pos pred: Pos
anlar target: Pos pred: Pos
girer target: Pos pred: Pos
gider target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçtı target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşar target: Pos pred: Pos
yetip target: Pos pred: Pos
yakar target: Pos pred: Pos
susun target: Pos pred: Pos
bitti target: Pos pred: Pos
deyin target: Pos pred: Pos
uymak target: Pos pred: Pos
sürüp target: Pos pred: Pos
çekti target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
görür target: Pos pred: Pos
sağol target: Pos pred: Pos
kırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
döktü target: Pos pred: Pos
sürer target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçan target: Pos pred: Pos
kovdu target: Pos pred: Pos
dikti target: Pos pred: Pos
yiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gelse target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sapan target: Pos pred: Pos
vurur target: Pos pred: Pos
alsak target: Pos pred: Pos
durup target: Pos pred: Pos
düşen target: Pos pred: Pos
oluşu target: Pos pred: Pos
kurup target: Pos pred: Pos
derdi target: Pos pred: Pos
bulur target: Pos pred: Pos
basıp target: Pos pred: Pos
zorla target: Pos pred: Pos
deyip target: Pos pred: Pos
dönüp target: Pos pred: Pos
durun target: Pos pred: Pos
buldu target: Pos pred: Pos
geçip target: Pos pred: Pos
vuran target: Pos pred: Pos
düşer target: Pos pred: Pos
yapın target: Pos pred: Pos
ödedi target: Pos pred: Pos
böldü target: Pos pred: Pos
çatıp target: Pos pred: Pos
çeken target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüt target: Pos pred: Pos
çağır target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
indik target: Pos pred: Pos
bozmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmez target: Neg pred: Neg
takmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yutmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
basmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmam target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yummaz target: Neg pred: Neg
satmam target: Neg pred: Neg
atmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
takmam target: Neg pred: Neg
durmam target: Neg pred: Neg
dememe target: Neg pred: Neg
olamam target: Neg pred: Neg
doğmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmese target: Neg pred: Neg
yememe target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kesmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmez target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmam target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmez target: Neg pred: Neg
koşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
binmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkıp target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanan target: Pos pred: Pos
çarptı target: Pos pred: Pos
oluştu target: Pos pred: Pos
bilsen target: Pos pred: Pos
sormak target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsan target: Pos pred: Pos
dönmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
çarpan target: Pos pred: Pos
uzatıp target: Pos pred: Pos
olunca target: Pos pred: Pos
gülsün target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvar target: Pos pred: Pos
eğerek target: Pos pred: Pos
geldik target: Pos pred: Pos
atılan target: Pos pred: Pos
serpti target: Pos pred: Pos
atıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
uyurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
ezilip target: Pos pred: Pos
vurmak target: Pos pred: Pos
korktu target: Pos pred: Pos
geldin target: Pos pred: Pos
durmak target: Pos pred: Pos
varmak target: Pos pred: Pos
oluyor target: Pos pred: Pos
soğudu target: Pos pred: Pos
kalktı target: Pos pred: Pos
sattık target: Pos pred: Pos
gittik target: Pos pred: Pos
verdik target: Pos pred: Pos
böldük target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptık target: Pos pred: Pos
soluya target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
verdin target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmak target: Pos pred: Pos
açacak target: Pos pred: Pos
evirip target: Pos pred: Pos
gitsin target: Pos pred: Pos
asılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
arayan target: Pos pred: Pos
uyuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
işitti target: Pos pred: Pos
unuttu target: Pos pred: Pos
vurmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
akacak target: Pos pred: Pos
gelene target: Pos pred: Pos
gidene target: Pos pred: Pos
girdik target: Pos pred: Pos
edilen target: Pos pred: Pos
uyanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktık target: Pos pred: Pos
ayırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sönmek target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yeteri target: Pos pred: Pos
dürttü target: Pos pred: Pos
durduk target: Pos pred: Pos
sarkar target: Pos pred: Pos
duymak target: Pos pred: Pos
boğucu target: Pos pred: Pos
içilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yüzemez target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmam target: Neg pred: Neg
cevirme target: Neg pred: Neg
veremem target: Neg pred: Neg
sürmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
gözükme target: Neg pred: Neg
aramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
almazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
ödenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmasa target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
demedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
görmese target: Neg pred: Neg
veremez target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeme target: Neg pred: Neg
yemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
izlemem target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmasan target: Neg pred: Neg
yememiş target: Neg pred: Neg
okunmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
anmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
atlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almasın target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
kopmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
demesin target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almayın target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamasa target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamam target: Neg pred: Neg
uzanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamam target: Neg pred: Neg
yapışma target: Neg pred: Neg
biçemem target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
satamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
okşayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşayan target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendi target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılan target: Pos pred: Pos
örülmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
anlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kırılan target: Pos pred: Pos
eğitmek target: Pos pred: Pos
bilinen target: Pos pred: Pos
avlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
yalanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
koparan target: Pos pred: Pos
yarılan target: Pos pred: Pos
çalıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yetişip target: Pos pred: Pos
almakla target: Pos pred: Pos
uyarmak target: Pos pred: Pos
varolan target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiği target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdık target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışta target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyan target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
okuyucu target: Pos pred: Pos
yeterdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiler target: Pos pred: Pos
büyüyen target: Pos pred: Pos
uğradık target: Pos pred: Pos
takılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gidecek target: Pos pred: Pos
bürünür target: Pos pred: Pos
dağılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gömüldü target: Pos pred: Pos
çekişti target: Pos pred: Pos
etmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
çekinen target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışan target: Pos pred: Pos
yöneldi target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktı target: Pos pred: Pos
süzüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
geçiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümek target: Pos pred: Pos
açmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
soracak target: Pos pred: Pos
indirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
seçilen target: Pos pred: Pos
açmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışır target: Pos pred: Pos
severdi target: Pos pred: Pos
doğduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
bağıran target: Pos pred: Pos
yaparak target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüre target: Pos pred: Pos
almıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğun target: Pos pred: Pos
attılar target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oturmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
edersin target: Pos pred: Pos
isteyip target: Pos pred: Pos
eğdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
eğmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yakarış target: Pos pred: Pos
etmenin target: Pos pred: Pos
yoruldu target: Pos pred: Pos
yakacak target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
teptiği target: Pos pred: Pos
girişti target: Pos pred: Pos
soruyor target: Pos pred: Pos
içtiler target: Pos pred: Pos
seziyor target: Pos pred: Pos
isterse target: Pos pred: Pos
satacak target: Pos pred: Pos
şişiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
götürüp target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklese target: Pos pred: Pos
giriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yayılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
değecek target: Pos pred: Pos
sallana target: Pos pred: Pos
değişti target: Pos pred: Pos
belirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
unutmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
bilerek target: Pos pred: Pos
sırıttı target: Pos pred: Pos
aldığın target: Pos pred: Pos
ararlar target: Pos pred: Pos
oynatıp target: Pos pred: Pos
bayılır target: Pos pred: Pos
öldürür target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkaran target: Pos pred: Pos
aldılar target: Pos pred: Pos
kovulan target: Pos pred: Pos
gidilir target: Pos pred: Pos
yarıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakın target: Pos pred: Pos
ölmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
anlasan target: Pos pred: Pos
yığarak target: Pos pred: Pos
böğürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
kıvrıla target: Pos pred: Pos
oturmak target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüğü target: Pos pred: Pos
ağrıyan target: Pos pred: Pos
yazıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gülünce target: Pos pred: Pos
binerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünen target: Pos pred: Pos
dediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
donattı target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bittiği target: Pos pred: Pos
ödetmek target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
içerken target: Pos pred: Pos
bilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
görünen target: Pos pred: Pos
izliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oynamak target: Pos pred: Pos
durduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
konulan target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünen target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdük target: Pos pred: Pos
boğuldu target: Pos pred: Pos
duracak target: Pos pred: Pos
bayılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
dilemek target: Pos pred: Pos
çürüdük target: Pos pred: Pos
oynayın target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduk target: Pos pred: Pos
izleyip target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirip target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmasam target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
aramayın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
uslanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
okumadım target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
kokmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
almazmış target: Neg pred: Neg
tükenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezse target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezse target: Neg pred: Neg
ummazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmam target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemem target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
yormayın target: Neg pred: Neg
saçmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
düzelmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımama target: Neg pred: Neg
gidilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmez target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmem target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
eksilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
vurmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemem target: Neg pred: Neg
aramasın target: Neg pred: Neg
varamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
varmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadım target: Neg pred: Neg
almamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
giymedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yılmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
sormadım target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
büyümedi target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
incitmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
çizilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
istemese target: Neg pred: Neg
anılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
sormazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
dağılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
durmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
demezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
satmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
tatmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ödememiş target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
olamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
veremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapışmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
uzatmasa target: Neg pred: Neg
varılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
oynanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanı target: Neg pred: Neg
almadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
koşmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamama target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
duymasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
uyamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
içemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yemezsem target: Neg pred: Neg
giyinmem target: Neg pred: Neg
durmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
durmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
götürmez target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yürümedi target: Neg pred: Neg
giremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
tanınmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
dökmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
artmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramasa target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
süzmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
işittiği target: Pos pred: Pos
beklerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
okşarken target: Pos pred: Pos
geçtikçe target: Pos pred: Pos
korkuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
incitici target: Pos pred: Pos
dönmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlattı target: Pos pred: Pos
kopmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutan target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekeni target: Pos pred: Pos
vermişti target: Pos pred: Pos
eleyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
götürdük target: Pos pred: Pos
edilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
ürettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmekle target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınmak target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmekte target: Pos pred: Pos
süslemek target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
silkinip target: Pos pred: Pos
geçenler target: Pos pred: Pos
tütmekte target: Pos pred: Pos
tükenmek target: Pos pred: Pos
boğmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
yükselip target: Pos pred: Pos
burkulur target: Pos pred: Pos
yürürken target: Pos pred: Pos
daldıran target: Pos pred: Pos
burkuldu target: Pos pred: Pos
doğruldu target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ürkmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
bitenler target: Pos pred: Pos
başladık target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybolup target: Pos pred: Pos
titriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyip target: Pos pred: Pos
isterken target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
kovmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
duymadan target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
buluşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
tutulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
verirken target: Pos pred: Pos
diyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
birleşip target: Pos pred: Pos
boşalttı target: Pos pred: Pos
seyretti target: Pos pred: Pos
bulmakta target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçti target: Pos pred: Pos
boşverip target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteren target: Pos pred: Pos
gördükçe target: Pos pred: Pos
büzülmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
tıktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüğün target: Pos pred: Pos
dolmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
doldurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
oturacak target: Pos pred: Pos
istersen target: Pos pred: Pos
girdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
dinlemek target: Pos pred: Pos
doğuşunu target: Pos pred: Pos
olmuştuk target: Pos pred: Pos
çiğnenen target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
durdular target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdüler target: Pos pred: Pos
edebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
doğmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarsak target: Pos pred: Pos
topladık target: Pos pred: Pos
verdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
baktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
öldürmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
sarkıttı target: Pos pred: Pos
satılmak target: Pos pred: Pos
anlaştık target: Pos pred: Pos
uymuşlar target: Pos pred: Pos
dururlar target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüler target: Pos pred: Pos
gömdüler target: Pos pred: Pos
demeksin target: Pos pred: Pos
yanarken target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiler target: Pos pred: Pos
toplamak target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışmak target: Pos pred: Pos
daldırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sanırdın target: Pos pred: Pos
dağıtmak target: Pos pred: Pos
erdirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
buruşmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
şişmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikledi target: Pos pred: Pos
içiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
görünmek target: Pos pred: Pos
bakarken target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
vermenin target: Pos pred: Pos
katlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsetti target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
aldıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
yağmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
erimişti target: Pos pred: Pos
bölmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yoksundu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştun target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplayan target: Pos pred: Pos
verilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
çekmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsarak target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
titreyip target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülünce target: Pos pred: Pos
dedikten target: Pos pred: Pos
benzeyen target: Pos pred: Pos
değişmek target: Pos pred: Pos
hissetse target: Pos pred: Pos
kovulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
gönderip target: Pos pred: Pos
yatarken target: Pos pred: Pos
denerken target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüşü target: Pos pred: Pos
yaramazca target: Neg pred: Neg
gecikmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
vuramadım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
unutulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamadın target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
haketmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmezdin target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
olamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
satmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamam target: Neg pred: Neg
anılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yıkamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yazılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yansımadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
süremeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezsen target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazları target: Neg pred: Neg
değinmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
uğraşamam target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
okumamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmem target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yağmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yeralamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
yemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmasa target: Neg pred: Neg
artmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
almıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
girmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
girilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
saklayama target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmama target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
sığmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamam target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
artmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bitiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
gezmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yanaşmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadın target: Neg pred: Neg
edemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
yemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
aramazsam target: Neg pred: Neg
kırılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmezmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
demiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
durulmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
satamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
edilememe target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bağdaşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
patlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
uçmuyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
göremezse target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
ummadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
alışamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
giyemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmam target: Neg pred: Neg
ölçemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
atlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
atılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamamız target: Neg pred: Neg
uyarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yatmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
esirgiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduğuna target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreniyor target: Pos pred: Pos
azarlayan target: Pos pred: Pos
geliverdi target: Pos pred: Pos
uyanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
istemişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
sürterken target: Pos pred: Pos
sormaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyarak target: Pos pred: Pos
uyandıran target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmekten target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçtik target: Pos pred: Pos
boyadılar target: Pos pred: Pos
çalmışlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kiralayan target: Pos pred: Pos
oturanlar target: Pos pred: Pos
ederlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
alçalıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
çıldırtan target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümekte target: Pos pred: Pos
güvenilir target: Pos pred: Pos
tutunarak target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunacak target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünerek target: Pos pred: Pos
geçebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
haykırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
artacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyacak target: Pos pred: Pos
kabarıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğümü target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşamadan target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
sevinerek target: Pos pred: Pos
gelseydik target: Pos pred: Pos
ötesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
sertleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
çekiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
sendeleye target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
istenilen target: Pos pred: Pos
oturmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
yetiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybolmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
belirtmek target: Pos pred: Pos
girecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiğine target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretilir target: Pos pred: Pos
yutuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bitinceye target: Pos pred: Pos
soğutulan target: Pos pred: Pos
inceliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettin target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekecek target: Pos pred: Pos
batıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kokuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
saklanmak target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
giyilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
görüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmişsin target: Pos pred: Pos
uğramıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirildi target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
büyüyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
başlarsın target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdüler target: Pos pred: Pos
çeviriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkanacak target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduğun target: Pos pred: Pos
gittikten target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yazıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
sıktıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
sürebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacağın target: Pos pred: Pos
toplarlar target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
gezmeleri target: Pos pred: Pos
büyütüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalamak target: Pos pred: Pos
seslendik target: Pos pred: Pos
yanıltmak target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşacak target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunca target: Pos pred: Pos
tuttuğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
çaldıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
kilitledi target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmiştik target: Pos pred: Pos
vuruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
beklerken target: Pos pred: Pos
şükretsin target: Pos pred: Pos
öldüğünde target: Pos pred: Pos
giydikten target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışlara target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmiştik target: Pos pred: Pos
yanmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
denebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
kestirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
olmasının target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışarak target: Pos pred: Pos
daralıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
duymuşlar target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyene target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğünü target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorduk target: Pos pred: Pos
baktıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
getirildi target: Pos pred: Pos
dayamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmuşken target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmeyiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtaramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
götürmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşürmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
terletmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
yenememeyi target: Neg pred: Neg
kırılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmadıysa target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
solumaması target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
tıkanmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
vermedimse target: Neg pred: Neg
ettiremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
yazılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
girmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
aldatmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
hazırlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
giymemeniz target: Neg pred: Neg
satılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yargılamam target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
giremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemişse target: Neg pred: Neg
sormasanız target: Neg pred: Neg
girememesi target: Neg pred: Neg
eleştirmem target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamam target: Neg pred: Neg
edinmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçemem target: Neg pred: Neg
giymiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
saldırmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıyamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
nakletmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelişememe target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
alışamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
girmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kızarmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmuyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
koklamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkaramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çakılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
gelişmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
tartışmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
uğraşmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
suçlayamam target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
kızmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
direnemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
benzemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
yenilmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kollamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
döndüremez target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
sıralamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
satmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
olamamanın target: Neg pred: Neg
sığmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
açamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gezdiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
taşımamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
suçlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
boşanmayız target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
giyilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
saymıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
ödenmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
girmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
aşmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
paylamadan target: Pos pred: Pos
zorluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişmeler target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşsalar target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
vuruşundan target: Pos pred: Pos
keyiflenen target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
çabalarken target: Pos pred: Pos
etmişlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
gördükleri target: Pos pred: Pos
övünülecek target: Pos pred: Pos
alıkoyacak target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırladık target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
böbürlenir target: Pos pred: Pos
boyamışlar target: Pos pred: Pos
gezinirken target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yanılmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmacıklı target: Pos pred: Pos
bindikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
verirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
güzelleşen target: Pos pred: Pos
cılızlaşan target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlatır target: Pos pred: Pos
pembeleşen target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğince target: Pos pred: Pos
engelleyen target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdüğümü target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümesine target: Pos pred: Pos
üzdüğünden target: Pos pred: Pos
çekinmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
bağışlayın target: Pos pred: Pos
düşlemekle target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalarlar target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünenler target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
donuklaştı target: Pos pred: Pos
geliyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
bulanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
utanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
durmasıyla target: Pos pred: Pos
değiştirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacaktır target: Pos pred: Pos
gülümsüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sallamakla target: Pos pred: Pos
kavuşturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
bunalmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünmenin target: Pos pred: Pos
karışmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
seyrediyor target: Pos pred: Pos
içilinceye target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
başarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
terkediyor target: Pos pred: Pos
soluyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
verdikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
hissedince target: Pos pred: Pos
öldürmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
buruşturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılamak target: Pos pred: Pos
soruyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
süreceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
vereceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
baltaladın target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtaracak target: Pos pred: Pos
uyuşturmak target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyüşten target: Pos pred: Pos
doğacaktır target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
oturabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakırsak target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklediler target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
toplayacak target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışırsak target: Pos pred: Pos
işitseydin target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
sarfedilir target: Pos pred: Pos
huylanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
üfledikten target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumdan target: Pos pred: Pos
tanımaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
ıssızlaşan target: Pos pred: Pos
dilenciler target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gelenlerin target: Pos pred: Pos
kapılmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kurutulmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
çevreliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
tepesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlattı target: Pos pred: Pos
aldırmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplayacak target: Pos pred: Pos
sorduğunda target: Pos pred: Pos
dökülmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
sallayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
belirmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
bunaltacak target: Pos pred: Pos
yakılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yatırırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
üzüldüğünü target: Pos pred: Pos
seğirmeler target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
rahatlatan target: Pos pred: Pos
destekledi target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmalar target: Pos pred: Pos
beklediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
beklemeden target: Pos pred: Pos
duracaksın target: Pos pred: Pos
yarıştılar target: Pos pred: Pos
gidenlerin target: Pos pred: Pos
sararmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunmayla target: Pos pred: Pos
tamamlanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yadırgamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
imzalanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
veremiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
yönelmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
veremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yetinmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
takılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ummadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
tartışılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
almamalıydı target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
doyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmiyorsam target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmezlerse target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
ekmeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bildirmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
düzeltemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
gözükmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
değinmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
danışmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
soramıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
giymediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
kavuşamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
utanmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfetmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelişmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
ummadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeliyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
duymamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
hazırlanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
edinilemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
çeviremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
beslememeye target: Neg pred: Neg
atamadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
içmediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
kandırmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalıydı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
kazandırmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
üzülmüyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
benzememeye target: Neg pred: Neg
atamazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutulmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
direnmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
bulaşmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
buluşamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kavrayamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
duymazlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
yutturamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
diyemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
edemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremezse target: Neg pred: Neg
kıyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeseydim target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
takamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
gezemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yanıtlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlatmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
koruyamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
girmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
duymamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
satılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
artmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
alınamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yükselmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülemez target: Neg pred: Neg
okşarlarken target: Pos pred: Pos
bürünüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
diledikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
sevmelerine target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşsınlar target: Pos pred: Pos
sokuluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreninceye target: Pos pred: Pos
yaralıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
geziniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
sorduğunuzu target: Pos pred: Pos
ürkütüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdikten target: Pos pred: Pos
oluşlarıyla target: Pos pred: Pos
dönüşüverir target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
kaynaklanan target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayamadan target: Pos pred: Pos
sezdirmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
beğendirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
sanabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
mırıldanmak target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
doldurmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
yetiniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
verebilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştılar target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlamlaşır target: Pos pred: Pos
farketmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yakışmışlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyüşleri target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekenleri target: Pos pred: Pos
pişirilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
oturuyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşayabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
gerginleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
seyrettiler target: Pos pred: Pos
kayboldular target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
toplayanlar target: Pos pred: Pos
kötümsersin target: Pos pred: Pos
söylesinler target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikleyince target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdiğine target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsederken target: Pos pred: Pos
düşürecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmasından target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştuğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
yerleştirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
yükselterek target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılaştık target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaştırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
terslenince target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğinin target: Pos pred: Pos
okumayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
demiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
kurulamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
çevirmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
fırçalamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
seçemezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yürümeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
engelleyemez target: Neg pred: Neg
üretilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
veremediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfedilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfedemesin target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmamanın target: Neg pred: Neg
çeviremezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
götüremezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
uymadığınızı target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
almamalarını target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımlanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
giyinmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yargılayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
toplamamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçilmezi target: Neg pred: Neg
kastetmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
hissedemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
sevindirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
belirleyemem target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
başlanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
üzülmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
unutulmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
sonuçlanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkartılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
artırılmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
uyuyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
artmamasında target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
istememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
kısıtlayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
kestirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsedilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
uzlaşmamanın target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
gaspetmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
zedelememesi target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
atlamamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
halledilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
varamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
planlamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
aşağılamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
sorgulamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmeyecekmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
dolaşmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadığınızı target: Neg pred: Neg
yargılamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
ümitlenmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
kıpırdayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
dağıtılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yürüyemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
yükselmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
süremeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
yükselmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
homurdanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteriyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hoşlanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
düzenliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışıyla target: Pos pred: Pos
pataklıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşuyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
araştırmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
tıklattıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
şaklamasıyla target: Pos pred: Pos
mırıldanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
kabullenerek target: Pos pred: Pos
gülümseyişin target: Pos pred: Pos
gideceğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmasının target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlamakla target: Pos pred: Pos
gülümseyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
iliklemekten target: Pos pred: Pos
söylenenleri target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretilmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
işitiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
toparladılar target: Pos pred: Pos
yetişiyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
başlayabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
çeviriyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
katlansınlar target: Pos pred: Pos
gidebilirsin target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretecekler target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunuzdan target: Pos pred: Pos
cesaretlenip target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırışların target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumuzdan target: Pos pred: Pos
rahatlatıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünüyorduk target: Pos pred: Pos
süpürüyorduk target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsedilince target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsetmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yararlanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
çekinmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
doyurulmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
kılmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
azaltmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
söylememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadıklarına target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
kıpırdatmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yalanlanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
örtüşmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklanmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
sinirlenmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
yetişemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
sokamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
bulaşılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
yakıştıramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmemişsem target: Neg pred: Neg
açılamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
almadıklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
vermediğimize target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yaptıramadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
kalamayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
dağıtılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlayamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
anımsamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
yenemediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
zedelenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
tükenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
öğretilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
bulaştırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
başvurulmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yürüyemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
hissettirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
zannetmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağımız target: Neg pred: Neg
yükseltmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bozulmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
katlanabilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduklarında target: Pos pred: Pos
yürütülüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dövdüklerinde target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalayıverdi target: Pos pred: Pos
hırslanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
seslendiğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
anlaşılıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
olabildiğince target: Pos pred: Pos
saklanıyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
kutsallaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
saçmalıyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
satılabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediklerin target: Pos pred: Pos
huysuzlaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sabitlenmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırırken target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyeceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
oynatmasından target: Pos pred: Pos
zannedecekler target: Pos pred: Pos
başladığından target: Pos pred: Pos
yavaşlamıştık target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kurulamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
kabullenilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
bağdaşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamazlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmuyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bastırmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
azaltamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yakıştıramadım target: Neg pred: Neg
çağırmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
kestiremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmayacağız target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
veremediyseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırdedemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyeceğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybolmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamıyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımamalarına target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
dönemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemedilerse target: Neg pred: Neg
küçümsenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
soyutlayamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
tanışmazlarmış target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
getirememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilemeyişi target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
izleyememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
şartlanmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
tutulamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
sürüklemeseydi target: Neg pred: Neg
yaptırılmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşılmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
yönetemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yaklaşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
engellemeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
önleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
dönüştürmemeyi target: Neg pred: Neg
başaramamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilendirmese target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
eleştirmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
zayıflatamadın target: Neg pred: Neg
yadırgamadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
geçinemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenilemezmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmacıklıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
durdurabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
tamamlanacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
kurumlanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmalarında target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyabilirdik target: Pos pred: Pos
fazlalaştırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
havalandırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
baktıklarından target: Pos pred: Pos
ilgilendiriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsedilmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
istemiyorlarmış target: Neg pred: Neg
ısınamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
katılamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
esirgemeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
cezalandırılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
belirtmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
özendirilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçilmezleri target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmiyorsam target: Neg pred: Neg
bakılamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadıklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
yetiştiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayacakları target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamadıklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayabilirdim target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşulmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırmamamız target: Neg pred: Neg
toplayamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediğinize target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sindiremediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
perçinleniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
cezalandırmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayabiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaynaklanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kırpıştırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendikleriyle target: Pos pred: Pos
baltalanacaksın target: Pos pred: Pos
ilerlemeleriyle target: Pos pred: Pos
yatırdıklarında target: Pos pred: Pos
kilitlediğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
uyduramıyorlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
bağdaşmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
ayıramadıklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadıklarımızı target: Neg pred: Neg
yayınlatamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yasaklanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıyamadığınızı target: Neg pred: Neg
yetiştiremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayabileceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayacağımızı target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlamamışlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
barınamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yayınlayamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
rahatlayamadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlayamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmemelisiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
beceremediğinizi target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamayacaksınız target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yeşeremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sevinmişsinizdir target: Pos pred: Pos
zımparalayacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanıyormuşsun target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterebiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiklerinin target: Pos pred: Pos
yetiştirmişlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
değerlendirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
faydalanamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
giremeyeceğimizle target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
uzaklaştıramadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
tamamlamamalarına target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtarılamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
sürdüremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sınırlandırılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
başaramadığımızda target: Neg pred: Neg
zannedebilirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
yararlanamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşılamamasıyla target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
tekrarlamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
hazmedemediğimizin target: Neg pred: Neg
özelleştirilmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
kavrayamayacakları target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunulamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yatırmayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
hesaplayamamışlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
tekrarlanmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremeyecektim target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşamayacağınıza target: Neg pred: Neg
bilgilendirilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntüleyemeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremeyeceğimize target: Neg pred: Neg
heyecanlandırdığından target: Pos pred: Pos
gerçekleştirilmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
