i target: Noun pred: Adj
iz target: Noun pred: Adj
kum target: Noun pred: Verb
had target: Noun pred: Verb
ölü target: Noun pred: Adj
nal target: Noun pred: Adj
dok target: Noun pred: Verb
din target: Noun pred: Adj
ast target: Adj pred: Verb
pet target: Adj pred: Verb
hür target: Adj pred: Verb
men target: Adj pred: Noun
açın target: Verb pred: Noun
azsa target: Verb pred: Noun
akar target: Noun pred: Verb
atak target: Noun pred: Adj
doğu target: Noun pred: Verb
esir target: Noun pred: Verb
halk target: Noun pred: Adj
şatt target: Noun pred: Verb
nalı target: Noun pred: Adj
işçi target: Noun pred: Adj
ikon target: Noun pred: Adj
kent target: Noun pred: Verb
elit target: Noun pred: Verb
şest target: Noun pred: Verb
öykü target: Noun pred: Adj
emen target: Adj pred: Noun
şoke target: Adj pred: Noun
ücra target: Adj pred: Noun
sari target: Adj pred: Noun
sapa target: Adj pred: Noun
ölmez target: Verb pred: Adj
atsın target: Verb pred: Noun
bulun target: Verb pred: Adj
seçin target: Verb pred: Adj
ekler target: Verb pred: Noun
öpmek target: Noun pred: Adj
kısmı target: Noun pred: Verb
çırak target: Noun pred: Adj
demir target: Noun pred: Verb
genci target: Noun pred: Adj
hakkı target: Noun pred: Adj
çelik target: Noun pred: Adj
tarih target: Noun pred: Verb
işgal target: Noun pred: Adj
hadım target: Noun pred: Verb
esiri target: Noun pred: Verb
harem target: Noun pred: Verb
gönül target: Noun pred: Adj
hamam target: Noun pred: Verb
grubu target: Noun pred: Verb
ahenk target: Noun pred: Adj
misal target: Noun pred: Adj
tanık target: Noun pred: Adj
şiiri target: Noun pred: Verb
uğrak target: Noun pred: Adj
okuru target: Noun pred: Verb
dönem target: Noun pred: Verb
yapıt target: Noun pred: Verb
yaşam target: Noun pred: Verb
uğraş target: Noun pred: Verb
üslup target: Noun pred: Adj
görüş target: Noun pred: Verb
hakim target: Noun pred: Verb
unsur target: Noun pred: Verb
asılı target: Noun pred: Adj
bekçi target: Noun pred: Adj
börek target: Noun pred: Adj
içmek target: Noun pred: Adj
miras target: Noun pred: Verb
ritmi target: Noun pred: Verb
dayak target: Noun pred: Adj
yassı target: Adj pred: Verb
elzem target: Adj pred: Verb
aşina target: Adj pred: Noun
güden target: Adj pred: Noun
çözen target: Adj pred: Noun
siber target: Adj pred: Verb
konan target: Adj pred: Noun
yavan target: Adj pred: Noun
bolca target: Adj pred: Noun
bordo target: Adj pred: Verb
ukala target: Adj pred: Noun
yağan target: Adj pred: Noun
umumi target: Adj pred: Verb
butün target: Adj pred: Noun
ekber target: Adj pred: Verb
takan target: Adj pred: Noun
uygar target: Adj pred: Verb
bayat target: Adj pred: Verb
beleş target: Adj pred: Verb
çetin target: Adj pred: Noun
üryan target: Adj pred: Noun
kısır target: Adj pred: Verb
ergen target: Adj pred: Noun
fahiş target: Adj pred: Verb
beher target: Adj pred: Verb
sosyo target: Adj pred: Verb
fevri target: Adj pred: Verb
şişen target: Adj pred: Noun
ölçen target: Adj pred: Noun
sızma target: Adj pred: Noun
oturun target: Verb pred: Noun
hızlan target: Verb pred: Noun
yatsın target: Verb pred: Noun
okuyun target: Verb pred: Adj
sağlar target: Verb pred: Noun
arayın target: Verb pred: Noun
silmez target: Verb pred: Adj
girsin target: Verb pred: Adj
edinin target: Verb pred: Adj
kalmaz target: Verb pred: Adj
gencin target: Noun pred: Adj
korkum target: Noun pred: Verb
gitmem target: Noun pred: Verb
umudum target: Noun pred: Verb
abartı target: Noun pred: Verb
azizin target: Noun pred: Adj
dingil target: Noun pred: Adj
çiviyi target: Noun pred: Adj
ateşin target: Noun pred: Adj
iklimi target: Noun pred: Adj
kaynak target: Noun pred: Adj
taslar target: Noun pred: Verb
kulesi target: Noun pred: Adj
hileci target: Noun pred: Adj
terini target: Noun pred: Adj
ibadet target: Noun pred: Verb
doktor target: Noun pred: Verb
azlığı target: Noun pred: Adj
çözmek target: Noun pred: Adj
dilini target: Noun pred: Adj
emrini target: Noun pred: Adj
tehdit target: Noun pred: Verb
yüzler target: Noun pred: Verb
orduyu target: Noun pred: Verb
silmek target: Noun pred: Adj
dönmek target: Noun pred: Adj
yerler target: Noun pred: Verb
çukuru target: Noun pred: Verb
perhiz target: Noun pred: Verb
ilkesi target: Noun pred: Adj
sulker target: Noun pred: Verb
gereği target: Noun pred: Adj
okumak target: Noun pred: Adj
gezisi target: Noun pred: Adj
ülkesi target: Noun pred: Adj
yerini target: Noun pred: Adj
hizmet target: Noun pred: Verb
eğilim target: Noun pred: Verb
kültür target: Noun pred: Verb
kurumu target: Noun pred: Verb
öyküsü target: Noun pred: Adj
aramak target: Noun pred: Adj
dizisi target: Noun pred: Adj
okulun target: Noun pred: Adj
yapıtı target: Noun pred: Verb
tutumu target: Noun pred: Verb
koymak target: Noun pred: Adj
öncesi target: Noun pred: Adj
çizmek target: Noun pred: Adj
diziyi target: Noun pred: Adj
görüşü target: Noun pred: Verb
tarihi target: Noun pred: Adj
düdüğü target: Noun pred: Adj
kaleyi target: Noun pred: Adj
inilti target: Noun pred: Adj
tertip target: Noun pred: Verb
akıntı target: Noun pred: Verb
kovmak target: Noun pred: Adj
mekruh target: Adj pred: Verb
yıkıcı target: Adj pred: Verb
öneren target: Adj pred: Noun
inanan target: Adj pred: Noun
dekore target: Adj pred: Noun
uçuşan target: Adj pred: Noun
itilen target: Adj pred: Noun
nankör target: Adj pred: Verb
yağsız target: Adj pred: Verb
görece target: Adj pred: Noun
skorer target: Adj pred: Verb
nadide target: Adj pred: Noun
densiz target: Adj pred: Verb
yüzsüz target: Adj pred: Verb
sizsiz target: Adj pred: Verb
alışan target: Adj pred: Noun
eğiten target: Adj pred: Noun
mücbir target: Adj pred: Verb
işlerse target: Verb pred: Noun
edemese target: Verb pred: Noun
edersen target: Verb pred: Noun
iletsin target: Verb pred: Adj
olsanız target: Verb pred: Adj
düzenle target: Verb pred: Noun
kapatın target: Verb pred: Noun
geçirin target: Verb pred: Adj
izleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
sağlasa target: Verb pred: Noun
işlense target: Verb pred: Noun
götürün target: Verb pred: Noun
ettirin target: Verb pred: Adj
doluysa target: Verb pred: Noun
etkinse target: Verb pred: Noun
deneyin target: Verb pred: Noun
ekleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
öğrenin target: Verb pred: Adj
yavaşsa target: Verb pred: Noun
bulunun target: Verb pred: Adj
taşıyın target: Verb pred: Noun
huzmesi target: Noun pred: Adj
adımımı target: Noun pred: Verb
intikam target: Noun pred: Verb
içeriyi target: Noun pred: Adj
hoşgörü target: Noun pred: Verb
sesimiz target: Noun pred: Verb
şartlar target: Noun pred: Verb
türbesi target: Noun pred: Adj
incelik target: Noun pred: Adj
yenilik target: Noun pred: Adj
doğunun target: Noun pred: Adj
halılar target: Noun pred: Verb
köyünün target: Noun pred: Adj
keşfimi target: Noun pred: Adj
dilenci target: Noun pred: Adj
ulaşmak target: Noun pred: Adj
selamet target: Noun pred: Verb
mezhebi target: Noun pred: Adj
telakki target: Noun pred: Adj
doktrin target: Noun pred: Adj
dininin target: Noun pred: Adj
gelenek target: Noun pred: Adj
yardımı target: Noun pred: Verb
ilişiği target: Noun pred: Adj
nalbant target: Noun pred: Verb
zevkini target: Noun pred: Adj
tutkusu target: Noun pred: Verb
üyeliği target: Noun pred: Adj
ilerici target: Noun pred: Adj
barışçı target: Noun pred: Verb
açıklık target: Noun pred: Adj
önemini target: Noun pred: Adj
nedenin target: Noun pred: Adj
güvenin target: Noun pred: Adj
ritmini target: Noun pred: Adj
lastiği target: Noun pred: Adj
çığlığı target: Noun pred: Adj
dikkati target: Noun pred: Adj
işçiler target: Noun pred: Verb
haddini target: Noun pred: Adj
korkusu target: Noun pred: Verb
eskiten target: Adj pred: Noun
geçilen target: Adj pred: Noun
nükleer target: Adj pred: Noun
dönüşen target: Adj pred: Noun
addeden target: Adj pred: Noun
etmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
varılan target: Adj pred: Noun
risksiz target: Adj pred: Verb
vurulan target: Adj pred: Noun
minimum target: Adj pred: Verb
çelişen target: Adj pred: Noun
otlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
sağılan target: Adj pred: Noun
başkaca target: Adj pred: Noun
yediğim target: Adj pred: Verb
sulayan target: Adj pred: Noun
bilumum target: Adj pred: Verb
yaşlıca target: Adj pred: Noun
deviren target: Adj pred: Noun
acemice target: Adj pred: Noun
yenilen target: Adj pred: Noun
başabaş target: Adj pred: Verb
formsuz target: Adj pred: Verb
mecburi target: Adj pred: Verb
hatasız target: Adj pred: Verb
yakınan target: Adj pred: Noun
yaktığı target: Adj pred: Noun
yaşatan target: Adj pred: Noun
taktığı target: Adj pred: Noun
dağılan target: Adj pred: Noun
kılınan target: Adj pred: Noun
kınayan target: Adj pred: Noun
asılsız target: Adj pred: Verb
biriken target: Adj pred: Noun
barınan target: Adj pred: Noun
ahmakça target: Adj pred: Noun
aldatan target: Adj pred: Noun
estiren target: Adj pred: Noun
muayyen target: Adj pred: Noun
modüler target: Adj pred: Verb
izleten target: Adj pred: Noun
durulan target: Adj pred: Noun
öğretir target: Adj pred: Verb
uğratan target: Adj pred: Noun
süregen target: Adj pred: Noun
vadeden target: Adj pred: Noun
bakılan target: Adj pred: Noun
küçülen target: Adj pred: Noun
kazdığı target: Adj pred: Noun
bulaşan target: Adj pred: Noun
çıkarsın target: Verb pred: Noun
şimdiyse target: Verb pred: Noun
söylesin target: Verb pred: Adj
yüksekti target: Verb pred: Adj
davranın target: Verb pred: Noun
yaşattın target: Verb pred: Noun
çarpacak target: Verb pred: Adj
kaydedin target: Verb pred: Noun
tıklatın target: Verb pred: Noun
listeler target: Verb pred: Noun
kullanın target: Verb pred: Noun
böyleyse target: Verb pred: Noun
başvurun target: Verb pred: Noun
gizliyse target: Verb pred: Noun
alıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
küçültün target: Verb pred: Adj
bağlıysa target: Verb pred: Noun
başlatın target: Verb pred: Noun
eklenmez target: Verb pred: Adj
seçmeyin target: Verb pred: Adj
sağlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
unutursa target: Verb pred: Noun
verilmez target: Verb pred: Adj
denenmez target: Verb pred: Adj
silmeyin target: Verb pred: Adj
yazdırın target: Verb pred: Noun
açılacak target: Verb pred: Adj
silinmez target: Verb pred: Adj
yükleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
başlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
bekleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
bağlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
paylaşın target: Verb pred: Adj
faksınız target: Verb pred: Adj
canlılık target: Noun pred: Adj
götürmek target: Noun pred: Adj
askerler target: Noun pred: Verb
delilini target: Noun pred: Adj
polisler target: Noun pred: Verb
öldürmek target: Noun pred: Adj
kucaklar target: Noun pred: Verb
uğultusu target: Noun pred: Verb
çivisini target: Noun pred: Adj
kılıçlar target: Noun pred: Verb
mezarlık target: Noun pred: Adj
saatinin target: Noun pred: Adj
kafirler target: Noun pred: Verb
raporlar target: Noun pred: Verb
savaşlar target: Noun pred: Verb
güvenlik target: Noun pred: Adj
haremini target: Noun pred: Adj
eşlerini target: Noun pred: Adj
melikesi target: Noun pred: Adj
izlenimi target: Noun pred: Adj
vücudunu target: Noun pred: Verb
topluluk target: Noun pred: Adj
bulutlar target: Noun pred: Verb
akıntıyı target: Noun pred: Verb
tedavisi target: Noun pred: Adj
dergiler target: Noun pred: Verb
eleştiri target: Noun pred: Verb
mimikler target: Noun pred: Verb
redaktör target: Noun pred: Verb
derginin target: Noun pred: Adj
kurucusu target: Noun pred: Verb
savunmak target: Noun pred: Adj
işçiliği target: Noun pred: Adj
devrimci target: Noun pred: Verb
yapıtlar target: Noun pred: Verb
edebiyat target: Noun pred: Verb
gerçekçi target: Noun pred: Adj
suçlular target: Noun pred: Verb
başarısı target: Noun pred: Verb
yükseliş target: Noun pred: Verb
yönetici target: Noun pred: Adj
özgeçmiş target: Noun pred: Verb
çocukluk target: Noun pred: Adj
gözlemci target: Noun pred: Adj
inmesini target: Noun pred: Adj
ailesini target: Noun pred: Adj
izdüşümü target: Noun pred: Verb
direncin target: Noun pred: Adj
çöküşünü target: Noun pred: Adj
becerisi target: Noun pred: Adj
yazarlık target: Noun pred: Adj
mevzular target: Noun pred: Verb
kıvılcım target: Noun pred: Verb
sallanan target: Adj pred: Noun
yükleyen target: Adj pred: Noun
kutlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
destansı target: Adj pred: Noun
iktisadi target: Adj pred: Verb
yasadışı target: Adj pred: Verb
saptanan target: Adj pred: Noun
kalifiye target: Adj pred: Noun
sürdüren target: Adj pred: Noun
edemeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
sonuçsuz target: Adj pred: Verb
motorize target: Adj pred: Noun
kırılgan target: Adj pred: Noun
sürülmüş target: Adj pred: Verb
yenmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
suratsız target: Adj pred: Verb
biletsiz target: Adj pred: Verb
damarsız target: Adj pred: Verb
ortaksız target: Adj pred: Verb
devralan target: Adj pred: Noun
küfürsüz target: Adj pred: Verb
kapsayan target: Adj pred: Noun
kızdıran target: Adj pred: Noun
çitleyen target: Adj pred: Noun
münhasır target: Adj pred: Verb
başvuran target: Adj pred: Noun
kaldıran target: Adj pred: Noun
sızdıran target: Adj pred: Noun
spontane target: Adj pred: Noun
gözlenen target: Adj pred: Noun
müstesna target: Adj pred: Noun
sevdiren target: Adj pred: Noun
alamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
almadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
okutulan target: Adj pred: Noun
yücelten target: Adj pred: Noun
kükreyen target: Adj pred: Noun
hemfikir target: Adj pred: Verb
serpilen target: Adj pred: Noun
tavizkár target: Adj pred: Verb
çullanan target: Adj pred: Noun
tutuksuz target: Adj pred: Verb
paylaşan target: Adj pred: Noun
tolerans target: Adj pred: Noun
çökerten target: Adj pred: Noun
sindiren target: Adj pred: Noun
mükerrer target: Adj pred: Verb
kasıtsız target: Adj pred: Verb
naçizane target: Adj pred: Noun
kırpılan target: Adj pred: Noun
bitmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
denenmiş target: Adj pred: Verb
donduran target: Adj pred: Noun
müşerref target: Adj pred: Noun
dedirten target: Adj pred: Noun
şekersiz target: Adj pred: Verb
korkulan target: Adj pred: Noun
tutarsız target: Adj pred: Verb
insafsız target: Adj pred: Verb
patlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
karşılar target: Adj pred: Verb
süslenen target: Adj pred: Noun
davetkar target: Adj pred: Verb
popülist target: Adj pred: Verb
derlenen target: Adj pred: Noun
katkısız target: Adj pred: Verb
çekecekti target: Verb pred: Adj
istenecek target: Verb pred: Adj
içecekler target: Verb pred: Noun
alırsanız target: Verb pred: Adj
evlenmeli target: Verb pred: Adj
kapanmalı target: Verb pred: Adj
çıkmamalı target: Verb pred: Adj
inceleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
onaylatın target: Verb pred: Noun
ayarlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
görüntüle target: Verb pred: Noun
eklenirse target: Verb pred: Noun
devralmaz target: Verb pred: Adj
silinemez target: Verb pred: Adj
atanmazsa target: Verb pred: Noun
oluşturun target: Verb pred: Noun
bağlanmaz target: Verb pred: Adj
sıralayın target: Verb pred: Noun
görünecek target: Verb pred: Adj
bırakılsa target: Verb pred: Noun
bulunursa target: Verb pred: Noun
bulunmasa target: Verb pred: Noun
seçiliyse target: Verb pred: Noun
istenirse target: Verb pred: Noun
eklenemez target: Verb pred: Adj
önerilmez target: Verb pred: Adj
negatifse target: Verb pred: Noun
yaramazsa target: Verb pred: Noun
uygulayın target: Verb pred: Noun
panjurlar target: Noun pred: Verb
karşılığı target: Noun pred: Adj
alabilmek target: Noun pred: Adj
başlıklar target: Noun pred: Verb
uğultunun target: Noun pred: Adj
hareminin target: Noun pred: Adj
gitmesini target: Noun pred: Adj
sözlerini target: Noun pred: Adj
mırıltısı target: Noun pred: Verb
getiriniz target: Noun pred: Adj
dilenciyi target: Noun pred: Adj
tedbirini target: Noun pred: Adj
vurulduğu target: Noun pred: Adj
komedinin target: Noun pred: Adj
sağduyusu target: Noun pred: Verb
kelimenin target: Noun pred: Adj
tamircisi target: Noun pred: Adj
dedesinin target: Noun pred: Adj
bulaşıkçı target: Noun pred: Adj
yamaklığı target: Noun pred: Adj
çıraklığı target: Noun pred: Adj
bekçiliği target: Noun pred: Adj
yoksulluk target: Noun pred: Adj
değerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
ettiğinin target: Noun pred: Adj
eğilimini target: Noun pred: Adj
çeviriler target: Noun pred: Verb
getirdiği target: Noun pred: Adj
kırgınlık target: Noun pred: Adj
tarihçisi target: Noun pred: Adj
şakırtısı target: Noun pred: Verb
günlerini target: Noun pred: Adj
evlerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
yorgunluk target: Noun pred: Adj
hastalığı target: Noun pred: Adj
farklılık target: Noun pred: Adj
irdeleyen target: Adj pred: Noun
fedakarca target: Adj pred: Noun
insanımsı target: Adj pred: Verb
astıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
danışılan target: Adj pred: Noun
olunmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yapamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yapabilen target: Adj pred: Noun
sallapati target: Adj pred: Noun
taksitsiz target: Adj pred: Verb
planlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
beğenilen target: Adj pred: Noun
planlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
attırdığı target: Adj pred: Noun
çalışılan target: Adj pred: Noun
ulaşacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
tüketilen target: Adj pred: Noun
artmadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
büyütülen target: Adj pred: Noun
yiyebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
yaşattığı target: Adj pred: Noun
korktuğum target: Adj pred: Verb
aratmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
kapatılan target: Adj pred: Noun
gidemeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
rüzgarsız target: Adj pred: Verb
sertleşen target: Adj pred: Noun
özümseyen target: Adj pred: Noun
karalayan target: Adj pred: Noun
tersleyen target: Adj pred: Noun
atılmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
bulamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
enteresan target: Adj pred: Noun
seyretmiş target: Adj pred: Verb
öğretilen target: Adj pred: Noun
yaşamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
sanıldığı target: Adj pred: Noun
içtiğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
açılacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
tıkındığı target: Adj pred: Noun
açtıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
otlattığı target: Adj pred: Noun
hoşlanmaz target: Adj pred: Verb
kayıtdışı target: Adj pred: Verb
görebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
yaşadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
durabilen target: Adj pred: Noun
duramayan target: Adj pred: Noun
ummadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
üzüldüğüm target: Adj pred: Verb
kalındığı target: Adj pred: Noun
uğurlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
konsolide target: Adj pred: Noun
öngörülen target: Adj pred: Noun
sığındığı target: Adj pred: Noun
uyarlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
sıralanan target: Adj pred: Noun
dönebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
anlaştığı target: Adj pred: Noun
dayatılan target: Adj pred: Noun
imzalanan target: Adj pred: Noun
uğratılan target: Adj pred: Noun
sıkıştığı target: Adj pred: Noun
alınmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
zedeleyen target: Adj pred: Noun
omuzlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
pastörize target: Adj pred: Noun
günahsızsa target: Verb pred: Noun
ballandıra target: Verb pred: Noun
katlanacak target: Verb pred: Adj
eklesinler target: Verb pred: Noun
beklemesin target: Verb pred: Adj
vazgeçecek target: Verb pred: Adj
çürütmeyin target: Verb pred: Adj
edebilirse target: Verb pred: Noun
seçerseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bağlısınız target: Verb pred: Adj
erişilemez target: Verb pred: Adj
kapattıysa target: Verb pred: Noun
belirleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
girersiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
temizleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
düzenleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
değiştirin target: Verb pred: Adj
içeriyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
oluşuyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
durumdaysa target: Verb pred: Noun
eklersiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
denetleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
eklerseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
seçersiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
tanımlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
yazarsanız target: Verb pred: Adj
silerseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
sınırlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
katılmışsa target: Verb pred: Noun
bağlanamaz target: Verb pred: Adj
yapıldıysa target: Verb pred: Noun
gizliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
denerseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
engellemez target: Verb pred: Adj
sürükleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
çevreleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
açmazsanız target: Verb pred: Adj
seçilmişse target: Verb pred: Noun
görürsünüz target: Verb pred: Adj
tamamlayın target: Verb pred: Noun
etkilenmez target: Verb pred: Adj
kaydederse target: Verb pred: Noun
yapıştırın target: Verb pred: Noun
sağlayacak target: Verb pred: Adj
çalıştırın target: Verb pred: Noun
değilseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
misafirler target: Noun pred: Verb
bulabilmem target: Noun pred: Verb
sandalyesi target: Noun pred: Adj
kalplerini target: Noun pred: Adj
alışkanlık target: Noun pred: Adj
karakterim target: Noun pred: Verb
kıyafetini target: Noun pred: Adj
benzerliği target: Noun pred: Adj
paşalıklar target: Noun pred: Verb
erkeklerin target: Noun pred: Adj
fıskiyenin target: Noun pred: Adj
pencerecik target: Noun pred: Adj
kıyaslamak target: Noun pred: Adj
yolculuğun target: Noun pred: Adj
olmuştutur target: Noun pred: Verb
çekinirler target: Noun pred: Verb
kaçınırlar target: Noun pred: Verb
deneyimler target: Noun pred: Verb
boyacılığı target: Noun pred: Adj
fırıncılık target: Noun pred: Adj
yayımlamak target: Noun pred: Adj
kışkırtıcı target: Noun pred: Verb
tepkilerin target: Noun pred: Adj
başıboşluk target: Noun pred: Adj
günlerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
kişilikler target: Noun pred: Verb
portresini target: Noun pred: Adj
niteliğini target: Noun pred: Adj
yeryüzünün target: Noun pred: Adj
mahallenin target: Noun pred: Adj
meyhanenin target: Noun pred: Adj
yiyebilmek target: Noun pred: Adj
tanıdıklar target: Noun pred: Verb
coşkunluğu target: Noun pred: Adj
yabancılar target: Noun pred: Verb
konuksever target: Adj pred: Verb
patlamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
genişleten target: Adj pred: Noun
durduğumuz target: Adj pred: Verb
yaptırdığı target: Adj pred: Noun
iskontosuz target: Adj pred: Verb
uyarıldığı target: Adj pred: Noun
kaptıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
sundukları target: Adj pred: Noun
kurduğunuz target: Adj pred: Verb
manzarasız target: Adj pred: Verb
hazırlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
ayrılmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
benzediğim target: Adj pred: Verb
girdikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
kucaklayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yaratacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
okunamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
tutulmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
ısmarlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
seçtikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
yadırganan target: Adj pred: Noun
çıkartılan target: Adj pred: Noun
küçümsenen target: Adj pred: Noun
çıkardığım target: Adj pred: Verb
açılamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yalanlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
boşaltılan target: Adj pred: Noun
konumlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
örtünmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
bütünleşen target: Adj pred: Noun
katılmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
topladığım target: Adj pred: Verb
aldırmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
sayılmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
kolonyasız target: Adj pred: Verb
sakatlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
olamadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
karşılanan target: Adj pred: Noun
alkışlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
ulaşamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
sorumsuzca target: Adj pred: Noun
yenilmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
çektiğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
hoşlandığı target: Adj pred: Noun
korkusuzca target: Adj pred: Noun
tutuklanan target: Adj pred: Noun
soktukları target: Adj pred: Noun
karıştıran target: Adj pred: Noun
görüştüğüm target: Adj pred: Verb
alacağımız target: Adj pred: Verb
ödeyemeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
beklediğim target: Adj pred: Verb
filizlenen target: Adj pred: Noun
adlandıran target: Adj pred: Noun
kazandıran target: Adj pred: Noun
yaramadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
kavuşturan target: Adj pred: Noun
doğduğumuz target: Adj pred: Verb
yazdığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
bakıldığım target: Adj pred: Verb
eksiksizce target: Adj pred: Noun
yakışıksız target: Adj pred: Verb
sıvazlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
zayıflatan target: Adj pred: Noun
sergilenen target: Adj pred: Noun
saygıdeğer target: Adj pred: Noun
bastırılan target: Adj pred: Noun
bildirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
saklandığı target: Adj pred: Noun
parçalanan target: Adj pred: Noun
planladığı target: Adj pred: Noun
sıvazlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
hissedilen target: Adj pred: Noun
kaldırdığı target: Adj pred: Noun
sevkedilen target: Adj pred: Noun
yazdırdığı target: Adj pred: Noun
çektirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
pazarlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
rahatlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yapılmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
ağırladığı target: Adj pred: Noun
vurgulanan target: Adj pred: Noun
simgelenen target: Adj pred: Noun
kanıtlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
evlenecekti target: Verb pred: Adj
vermiştiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gitmiştiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
evlenmemeli target: Verb pred: Adj
göstermeyin target: Verb pred: Noun
müşfiksiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
alıyorlarsa target: Verb pred: Noun
özetliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
çiziliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
içermiyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
bulunuyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
kullanmayın target: Verb pred: Noun
değiştirsin target: Verb pred: Adj
bırakılamaz target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanılmaz target: Verb pred: Adj
açılmıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
tanıyamazsa target: Verb pred: Noun
gizlendiyse target: Verb pred: Noun
yerleştirin target: Verb pred: Adj
tepeciğinin target: Noun pred: Adj
beyefendiyi target: Noun pred: Adj
pantolonumu target: Noun pred: Verb
öğrendiğimi target: Noun pred: Adj
sandalyenin target: Noun pred: Adj
saçmalıklar target: Noun pred: Verb
kocakarılar target: Noun pred: Verb
tercümesini target: Noun pred: Adj
hizmetçiler target: Noun pred: Verb
hademesinin target: Noun pred: Adj
korkunçluğu target: Noun pred: Adj
aldırmazlık target: Noun pred: Adj
karşılanmam target: Noun pred: Verb
nallayıcısı target: Noun pred: Verb
eleştiriler target: Noun pred: Verb
öğretisinin target: Noun pred: Adj
yükselişini target: Noun pred: Adj
özgeçmişini target: Noun pred: Adj
kitapçıklar target: Noun pred: Verb
öykülerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
düşüncesini target: Noun pred: Adj
hayatımızın target: Noun pred: Adj
sahteliğini target: Noun pred: Adj
haykırışlar target: Noun pred: Verb
aydınlıklar target: Noun pred: Verb
giysilerini target: Noun pred: Adj
çekingenlik target: Noun pred: Adj
belirttiğim target: Adj pred: Verb
hızlandıran target: Adj pred: Noun
koruyabilen target: Adj pred: Noun
satılamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
uyduramayan target: Adj pred: Noun
hazırlıksız target: Adj pred: Verb
izlediğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
eklediğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
tanımladığı target: Adj pred: Noun
bakamadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
harmanlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
önerdikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
efsaneleşen target: Adj pred: Noun
içmediğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
esirgediğim target: Adj pred: Verb
ulaştığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
özlediğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
paylaştığım target: Adj pred: Verb
hazzetmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
anlamadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
bahsetmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
tutulmadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
düzenelenen target: Adj pred: Noun
kullanmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yozlaştıran target: Adj pred: Noun
önemsemeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
olmadıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
sulandırıcı target: Adj pred: Verb
toplayacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
inandıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
yerleştiren target: Adj pred: Noun
düşünebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
verilebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
yaptırdığım target: Adj pred: Verb
göstermeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
yollayacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
ertelediğim target: Adj pred: Verb
edindikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
getiremeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
yardımsever target: Adj pred: Verb
sunacağımız target: Adj pred: Verb
davranmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
alınamadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
yönlendiren target: Adj pred: Noun
sürdürecekti target: Verb pred: Adj
bekliyeceğiz target: Verb pred: Adj
sürükleyecek target: Verb pred: Adj
tehlikeliyse target: Verb pred: Noun
yürüseydiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bulunursanız target: Verb pred: Adj
vermelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntüleyin target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanılamaz target: Verb pred: Adj
sağlamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
görüntülemez target: Verb pred: Adj
göremezseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
sıfırlamayın target: Verb pred: Noun
seçemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kaydedilecek target: Verb pred: Adj
dizinindeyse target: Verb pred: Noun
kullanılırsa target: Verb pred: Noun
açmadıysanız target: Verb pred: Adj
denetlenecek target: Verb pred: Adj
seçmelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yapılandırın target: Verb pred: Noun
bulunmuyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
yapacaksanız target: Verb pred: Adj
görmelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gösteriyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
kullanıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
silemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
zannettiğimi target: Noun pred: Adj
şehirlerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
işlemediğini target: Noun pred: Adj
yiğitlerimiz target: Noun pred: Verb
dileklerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
haremağalığı target: Noun pred: Adj
talihsizliği target: Noun pred: Adj
pencereciğin target: Noun pred: Adj
başarısızlık target: Noun pred: Adj
kelimelerini target: Noun pred: Adj
canlandırmak target: Noun pred: Adj
kapitalizmin target: Noun pred: Adj
başlangıçlar target: Noun pred: Verb
mücadelesini target: Noun pred: Adj
egemenliğini target: Noun pred: Adj
hissettirmek target: Noun pred: Adj
sarhoşluklar target: Noun pred: Verb
mahallelinin target: Noun pred: Adj
değişikliğin target: Noun pred: Adj
programlayan target: Adj pred: Noun
sokmadığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
karıştırılan target: Adj pred: Noun
tasarladığım target: Adj pred: Verb
kurulduğumuz target: Adj pred: Verb
topladıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
yayımlandığı target: Adj pred: Noun
hobileştiren target: Adj pred: Noun
çıkardığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
savaştığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
randevulaşan target: Adj pred: Noun
barındırılan target: Adj pred: Noun
sağıldıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
öğrendikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
öğrendiğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
kazandığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
söyleyebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
anlaşamadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
çıkartıldığı target: Adj pred: Noun
kaldırıldığı target: Adj pred: Noun
karikatürize target: Adj pred: Noun
beğenilmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
uygulanmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
yapmadıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
gösteremeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
düşündüğümüz target: Adj pred: Verb
katıldığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
sağlayabilen target: Adj pred: Noun
maceraperest target: Adj pred: Verb
kapattırılan target: Adj pred: Noun
açıklanmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
kutladıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
konuştukları target: Adj pred: Noun
hazırlandığı target: Adj pred: Noun
parlayabilen target: Adj pred: Noun
bulaştıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
vermedikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
biriktirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
olabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntülenmez target: Verb pred: Adj
etkinleştirin target: Verb pred: Adj
özetleniyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
erişemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
belirtilmezse target: Verb pred: Noun
belirtirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
vazgeçerseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
destekliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
açabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kaybedersiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kopyalarsanız target: Verb pred: Adj
edebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
karşılaşmazsa target: Verb pred: Noun
bağlanırsanız target: Verb pred: Adj
kaydederseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gönderirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
eklemelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kıyafetlerini target: Noun pred: Adj
öpebileceğimi target: Noun pred: Adj
susuzluğumuzu target: Noun pred: Verb
kuvvetlerimiz target: Noun pred: Verb
mezheplerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
tedbirsizliği target: Noun pred: Adj
işverenlerini target: Noun pred: Adj
benimsetilmek target: Noun pred: Adj
açıklanamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
getirilemeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
yapılmayacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
anlaşamadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
ısmarlanmayan target: Adj pred: Noun
adlandırdığım target: Adj pred: Verb
kolaylaştıran target: Adj pred: Noun
yenemediğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
başlattıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
kaybettiğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
belirttikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
rahatsızlanan target: Adj pred: Noun
yaşlandıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
parçalayacağı target: Adj pred: Noun
üstlendikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
kazanacağımız target: Adj pred: Verb
eğlendirmeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
karşılanmamış target: Adj pred: Verb
planladığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
kesinleştiren target: Adj pred: Noun
almayacağımız target: Adj pred: Verb
uygulanmadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
hızlandırdığı target: Adj pred: Noun
beklettikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
seslendirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
kullanmadığım target: Adj pred: Verb
gönderilecekti target: Verb pred: Adj
çalıştırıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
çözebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
duyabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
seçebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
karşılamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
yapabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
oluşturulduysa target: Verb pred: Noun
yapılmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Noun
takılmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Noun
kesebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
silebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
deneyemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
verebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yazabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntülenirse target: Verb pred: Noun
gideremezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
değiştirilemez target: Verb pred: Adj
diyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bilebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntüleyecek target: Verb pred: Adj
gidebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanılıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
veremeyeceğini target: Noun pred: Adj
düşüncelerimin target: Noun pred: Adj
generallerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
görmediklerini target: Noun pred: Adj
gönderildiğini target: Noun pred: Adj
tarihçilerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
kapitalizminin target: Noun pred: Adj
ikiyüzlülüğünü target: Noun pred: Adj
ulaşamadıkları target: Adj pred: Noun
kutlayacağımız target: Adj pred: Verb
etkilendikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
bulabildikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
yapabildikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
nitelendirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
ilgilendikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
durdurulamayan target: Adj pred: Noun
değiştiremeyen target: Adj pred: Noun
yaptırılmadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
beğenmedikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
endişelendiren target: Adj pred: Noun
düzenledikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
özelleştikleri target: Adj pred: Noun
isimlendirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
sindirilebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
renklendirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
iletebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
atayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
değiştirirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntülerseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bağlanmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Noun
onarılmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Noun
edinebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
düzeltemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntülenmezse target: Verb pred: Noun
bilgisayardaysa target: Verb pred: Noun
yönetilebilecek target: Verb pred: Adj
bulabileceğiniz target: Noun pred: Adj
hizmetçilerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
nitelendirdiğim target: Adj pred: Verb
yavaşlattığımız target: Adj pred: Verb
denkleştirdiğim target: Adj pred: Verb
heyecanlandıran target: Adj pred: Noun
düşündürdükleri target: Adj pred: Noun
projelendirilen target: Adj pred: Noun
göremeyeceksiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yüreklendirdiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
anlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yönetebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
olmayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
çalışabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
ekleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bırakabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
getirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
taşıyabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
isteyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntüleniyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
kullanılamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
yapılandırılırsa target: Verb pred: Noun
çıkarabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
belirlemelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
oluşturmalısınız target: Verb pred: Adj
deneyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kapatabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanılabilecek target: Verb pred: Adj
izleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kopyalamalısınız target: Verb pred: Adj
yedeklemelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yazdırabiliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
önleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yazdırılabilecek target: Verb pred: Adj
söyleyeceklerimi target: Noun pred: Verb
peygamberlerinin target: Noun pred: Adj
olağanüstülükler target: Noun pred: Verb
getirebildiğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
cezalandırıldığı target: Adj pred: Noun
denkleştirebilen target: Adj pred: Noun
belirtebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
başlatabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
değiştiremezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gösterebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
çıkartabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gizleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kaldırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntülenmiyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
tıklatabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
daraltabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
genişletemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
sağlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
paylaşabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
düzenleyemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bulundurmalısınız target: Verb pred: Adj
biçimlendirilemez target: Verb pred: Adj
bağlanabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kaybedebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yansıtabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yaratabileceğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
uzaklaştıramadığı target: Adj pred: Noun
öğrenemeyecektiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
bulunamayacaksınız target: Verb pred: Adj
ayarlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
ortalayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
kullanılabiliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
uygulayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
oluşturabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
işaretlemediyseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
oluşturucusuysanız target: Verb pred: Adj
depolayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
özetleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntülenebilecek target: Verb pred: Adj
boşvermişliklerini target: Noun pred: Adj
düzenleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
değiştirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
sürükleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
tanımlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntüleyemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
genişletebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yükseltilebiliyorsa target: Verb pred: Noun
hazırlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
ilişkilendirirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
belirleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
güncelleştirirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
sınırlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
denetleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
etkinleştirmezseniz target: Verb pred: Adj
sabitleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
yapıştırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
çalıştırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
hesaplayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gerçekleştirdiğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
yerleştirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
etkinleştirmelisiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
gerçekleştireceğimiz target: Adj pred: Verb
görüntüleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
etkinleştirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
karşılaştırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
görüntüleyemeyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Adj
