ü target: Noun pred: Noun
u target: Noun pred: Noun
an target: Noun pred: Noun
em target: Noun pred: Noun
ek target: Noun pred: Noun
ev target: Noun pred: Noun
uç target: Noun pred: Noun
ön target: Noun pred: Noun
ad target: Noun pred: Noun
el target: Noun pred: Noun
iş target: Noun pred: Noun
ay target: Noun pred: Noun
un target: Noun pred: Noun
eş target: Noun pred: Noun
ağ target: Noun pred: Noun
su target: Noun pred: Noun
il target: Noun pred: Noun
au target: Noun pred: Noun
ka target: Noun pred: Noun
la target: Noun pred: Noun
le target: Noun pred: Noun
lu target: Noun pred: Noun
ge target: Noun pred: Noun
li target: Noun pred: Noun
şi target: Noun pred: Noun
ci target: Noun pred: Noun
ru target: Noun pred: Noun
zi target: Noun pred: Noun
ği target: Noun pred: Noun
tı target: Noun pred: Noun
rı target: Noun pred: Noun
me target: Noun pred: Noun
ma target: Noun pred: Noun
kı target: Noun pred: Noun
yı target: Noun pred: Noun
te target: Noun pred: Noun
ri target: Noun pred: Noun
pı target: Noun pred: Noun
lı target: Noun pred: Noun
no target: Noun pred: Noun
pa target: Noun pred: Noun
ku target: Noun pred: Noun
ba target: Noun pred: Noun
hi target: Noun pred: Noun
ğe target: Noun pred: Noun
zı target: Noun pred: Noun
re target: Noun pred: Noun
nü target: Noun pred: Noun
ni target: Noun pred: Noun
ah target: Noun pred: Noun
öç target: Noun pred: Noun
av target: Noun pred: Noun
öd target: Noun pred: Noun
ot target: Noun pred: Noun
mi target: Noun pred: Noun
ok target: Noun pred: Noun
en target: Noun pred: Noun
ün target: Noun pred: Noun
öz target: Noun pred: Noun
kök target: Adj pred: Adj
çok target: Adj pred: Adj
düz target: Adj pred: Adj
pis target: Adj pred: Adj
tiz target: Adj pred: Adj
yaş target: Noun pred: Noun
bağ target: Noun pred: Noun
yan target: Noun pred: Noun
şey target: Noun pred: Noun
baş target: Noun pred: Noun
kat target: Noun pred: Noun
üst target: Noun pred: Noun
can target: Noun pred: Noun
hal target: Noun pred: Noun
köy target: Noun pred: Noun
kan target: Noun pred: Noun
hak target: Noun pred: Noun
kar target: Noun pred: Noun
güç target: Noun pred: Noun
ara target: Noun pred: Noun
mal target: Noun pred: Noun
kur target: Noun pred: Noun
gün target: Noun pred: Noun
rıh target: Noun pred: Noun
din target: Noun pred: Noun
bay target: Noun pred: Noun
yer target: Noun pred: Noun
tüy target: Noun pred: Noun
ora target: Noun pred: Noun
oda target: Noun pred: Noun
bey target: Noun pred: Noun
örü target: Noun pred: Noun
pas target: Noun pred: Noun
mut target: Noun pred: Noun
yıl target: Noun pred: Noun
boy target: Noun pred: Noun
soy target: Noun pred: Noun
nem target: Noun pred: Noun
öte target: Noun pred: Noun
net target: Noun pred: Noun
hiç target: Noun pred: Noun
top target: Noun pred: Noun
yas target: Noun pred: Noun
yön target: Noun pred: Noun
ası target: Noun pred: Noun
son target: Noun pred: Noun
yol target: Noun pred: Noun
şok target: Noun pred: Noun
hat target: Noun pred: Noun
üye target: Noun pred: Noun
suç target: Noun pred: Noun
dün target: Noun pred: Noun
tür target: Noun pred: Noun
azı target: Noun pred: Noun
açı target: Noun pred: Noun
ton target: Noun pred: Noun
cam target: Noun pred: Noun
kaş target: Noun pred: Noun
anı target: Noun pred: Noun
laf target: Noun pred: Noun
haz target: Noun pred: Noun
sır target: Noun pred: Noun
çağ target: Noun pred: Noun
eda target: Noun pred: Noun
taç target: Noun pred: Noun
ruh target: Noun pred: Noun
rol target: Noun pred: Noun
dağ target: Noun pred: Noun
kut target: Noun pred: Noun
dul target: Noun pred: Noun
bar target: Noun pred: Noun
çay target: Noun pred: Noun
peş target: Noun pred: Noun
naz target: Noun pred: Noun
vet target: Noun pred: Noun
fev target: Noun pred: Noun
arı target: Noun pred: Noun
nuz target: Noun pred: Noun
nor target: Noun pred: Noun
bel target: Noun pred: Noun
müş target: Noun pred: Noun
rış target: Noun pred: Noun
rum target: Noun pred: Noun
mod target: Noun pred: Noun
lat target: Noun pred: Noun
nız target: Noun pred: Noun
lar target: Noun pred: Noun
ler target: Noun pred: Noun
kor target: Noun pred: Noun
miş target: Noun pred: Noun
ğıt target: Noun pred: Noun
paz target: Noun pred: Noun
zan target: Noun pred: Noun
ter target: Noun pred: Noun
toy target: Noun pred: Noun
kuş target: Noun pred: Noun
pay target: Noun pred: Noun
kıt target: Noun pred: Noun
dua target: Noun pred: Noun
tuz target: Noun pred: Noun
kin target: Noun pred: Noun
vız target: Noun pred: Noun
mat target: Noun pred: Noun
bek target: Noun pred: Noun
yük target: Noun pred: Noun
çığ target: Noun pred: Noun
zar target: Noun pred: Noun
kıç target: Noun pred: Noun
gem target: Noun pred: Noun
çit target: Noun pred: Noun
ölü target: Noun pred: Noun
leş target: Noun pred: Noun
tat target: Noun pred: Noun
sağ target: Noun pred: Noun
kul target: Noun pred: Noun
şan target: Noun pred: Noun
gri target: Noun pred: Noun
ebe target: Noun pred: Noun
vaz target: Noun pred: Noun
mil target: Noun pred: Noun
bez target: Noun pred: Noun
tın target: Noun pred: Noun
tay target: Noun pred: Noun
rom target: Noun pred: Noun
eğe target: Noun pred: Noun
mum target: Noun pred: Noun
raf target: Noun pred: Noun
pat target: Noun pred: Noun
çap target: Noun pred: Noun
huy target: Noun pred: Noun
kir target: Noun pred: Noun
nam target: Noun pred: Noun
fer target: Noun pred: Noun
dev target: Noun pred: Noun
but target: Noun pred: Noun
ten target: Noun pred: Noun
ütü target: Noun pred: Noun
ima target: Noun pred: Noun
kod target: Noun pred: Noun
öğe target: Noun pred: Noun
not target: Noun pred: Noun
ova target: Noun pred: Noun
baz target: Noun pred: Noun
süt target: Noun pred: Noun
sim target: Noun pred: Noun
maç target: Noun pred: Noun
zam target: Noun pred: Noun
oje target: Noun pred: Noun
mit target: Noun pred: Noun
far target: Noun pred: Noun
yün target: Noun pred: Noun
kum target: Noun pred: Noun
ray target: Noun pred: Noun
düş target: Verb pred: Verb
dur target: Verb pred: Verb
duy target: Verb pred: Verb
doğ target: Verb pred: Verb
gir target: Verb pred: Verb
doy target: Verb pred: Verb
dür target: Verb pred: Verb
değ target: Verb pred: Verb
ört target: Verb pred: Verb
der target: Verb pred: Verb
del target: Verb pred: Verb
eski target: Adj pred: Adj
dolu target: Adj pred: Adj
aziz target: Adj pred: Adj
genç target: Adj pred: Adj
deli target: Adj pred: Adj
adil target: Adj pred: Adj
kürk target: Adj pred: Adj
asil target: Adj pred: Adj
fail target: Adj pred: Adj
evli target: Adj pred: Adj
ayan target: Adj pred: Adj
özel target: Adj pred: Adj
eğik target: Adj pred: Adj
nail target: Adj pred: Adj
esas target: Adj pred: Adj
uslu target: Adj pred: Adj
aciz target: Adj pred: Adj
ucuz target: Adj pred: Adj
acil target: Adj pred: Adj
lüks target: Adj pred: Adj
içli target: Adj pred: Adj
asal target: Adj pred: Adj
faal target: Adj pred: Adj
reel target: Adj pred: Adj
akli target: Adj pred: Adj
sarp target: Adj pred: Adj
atıl target: Adj pred: Adj
baba target: Noun pred: Noun
gaye target: Noun pred: Noun
bela target: Noun pred: Noun
rüya target: Noun pred: Noun
haki target: Noun pred: Noun
oyun target: Noun pred: Noun
neşe target: Noun pred: Noun
alev target: Noun pred: Noun
anne target: Noun pred: Noun
şart target: Noun pred: Noun
onur target: Noun pred: Noun
geri target: Noun pred: Noun
kurt target: Noun pred: Noun
öfke target: Noun pred: Noun
hırs target: Noun pred: Noun
üzer target: Noun pred: Noun
bura target: Noun pred: Noun
adam target: Noun pred: Noun
eşya target: Noun pred: Noun
soba target: Noun pred: Noun
şans target: Noun pred: Noun
adet target: Noun pred: Noun
alem target: Noun pred: Noun
hava target: Noun pred: Noun
masa target: Noun pred: Noun
olay target: Noun pred: Noun
omuz target: Noun pred: Noun
örtü target: Noun pred: Noun
karı target: Noun pred: Noun
kule target: Noun pred: Noun
kişi target: Noun pred: Noun
tasa target: Noun pred: Noun
emir target: Noun pred: Noun
koku target: Noun pred: Noun
oğul target: Noun pred: Noun
sene target: Noun pred: Noun
ayak target: Noun pred: Noun
borç target: Noun pred: Noun
saat target: Noun pred: Noun
ülke target: Noun pred: Noun
hain target: Noun pred: Noun
sayı target: Noun pred: Noun
ölüm target: Noun pred: Noun
vere target: Noun pred: Noun
deri target: Noun pred: Noun
kent target: Noun pred: Noun
önem target: Noun pred: Noun
köşe target: Noun pred: Noun
para target: Noun pred: Noun
lira target: Noun pred: Noun
ölçü target: Noun pred: Noun
veri target: Noun pred: Noun
kamu target: Noun pred: Noun
boru target: Noun pred: Noun
kota target: Noun pred: Noun
gıda target: Noun pred: Noun
izin target: Noun pred: Noun
süre target: Noun pred: Noun
yarı target: Noun pred: Noun
dava target: Noun pred: Noun
kriz target: Noun pred: Noun
orta target: Noun pred: Noun
yasa target: Noun pred: Noun
imza target: Noun pred: Noun
arka target: Noun pred: Noun
yakı target: Noun pred: Noun
kapı target: Noun pred: Noun
soru target: Noun pred: Noun
gece target: Noun pred: Noun
aile target: Noun pred: Noun
kadı target: Noun pred: Noun
uşak target: Noun pred: Noun
esna target: Noun pred: Noun
rica target: Noun pred: Noun
umar target: Noun pred: Noun
sıra target: Noun pred: Noun
şaka target: Noun pred: Noun
konu target: Noun pred: Noun
umut target: Noun pred: Noun
ömür target: Noun pred: Noun
ümit target: Noun pred: Noun
loca target: Noun pred: Noun
onay target: Noun pred: Noun
kast target: Noun pred: Noun
uyum target: Noun pred: Noun
amaç target: Noun pred: Noun
moda target: Noun pred: Noun
azar target: Noun pred: Noun
mani target: Noun pred: Noun
tane target: Noun pred: Noun
puro target: Noun pred: Noun
içme target: Noun pred: Noun
kupa target: Noun pred: Noun
ışık target: Noun pred: Noun
lobi target: Noun pred: Noun
deha target: Noun pred: Noun
şişe target: Noun pred: Noun
ayna target: Noun pred: Noun
adım target: Noun pred: Noun
hacı target: Noun pred: Noun
avuç target: Noun pred: Noun
iniş target: Noun pred: Noun
acem target: Noun pred: Noun
okul target: Noun pred: Noun
dize target: Noun pred: Noun
anii target: Noun pred: Noun
özür target: Noun pred: Noun
fıçı target: Noun pred: Noun
asıl target: Noun pred: Noun
eşek target: Noun pred: Noun
kafa target: Noun pred: Noun
baca target: Noun pred: Noun
dahi target: Noun pred: Noun
arzu target: Noun pred: Noun
inat target: Noun pred: Noun
öğle target: Noun pred: Noun
uyku target: Noun pred: Noun
veda target: Noun pred: Noun
mide target: Noun pred: Noun
çene target: Noun pred: Noun
yuva target: Noun pred: Noun
vaka target: Noun pred: Noun
mana target: Noun pred: Noun
aşçı target: Noun pred: Noun
kont target: Noun pred: Noun
defa target: Noun pred: Noun
şato target: Noun pred: Noun
nota target: Noun pred: Noun
koca target: Noun pred: Noun
görü target: Noun pred: Noun
yazı target: Noun pred: Noun
feda target: Noun pred: Noun
huşu target: Noun pred: Noun
ayıp target: Noun pred: Noun
cher target: Noun pred: Noun
isim target: Noun pred: Noun
zeka target: Noun pred: Noun
baht target: Noun pred: Noun
çare target: Noun pred: Noun
kuyu target: Noun pred: Noun
mert target: Noun pred: Noun
kere target: Noun pred: Noun
balo target: Noun pred: Noun
saye target: Noun pred: Noun
yaka target: Noun pred: Noun
vaad target: Noun pred: Noun
reis target: Noun pred: Noun
bina target: Noun pred: Noun
icat target: Noun pred: Noun
çatı target: Noun pred: Noun
şura target: Noun pred: Noun
meşe target: Noun pred: Noun
tepe target: Noun pred: Noun
çaba target: Noun pred: Noun
dişi target: Noun pred: Noun
hile target: Noun pred: Noun
tazı target: Noun pred: Noun
hata target: Noun pred: Noun
pusu target: Noun pred: Noun
ahır target: Noun pred: Noun
cins target: Noun pred: Noun
önce target: Noun pred: Noun
ikna target: Noun pred: Noun
sopa target: Noun pred: Noun
ceza target: Noun pred: Noun
küme target: Noun pred: Noun
odun target: Noun pred: Noun
içim target: Noun pred: Noun
cani target: Noun pred: Noun
çile target: Noun pred: Noun
alıç target: Noun pred: Noun
sine target: Noun pred: Noun
atkı target: Noun pred: Noun
yaya target: Noun pred: Noun
frak target: Noun pred: Noun
günü target: Noun pred: Noun
kale target: Noun pred: Noun
dara target: Noun pred: Noun
bark target: Noun pred: Noun
tava target: Noun pred: Noun
ilik target: Noun pred: Noun
askı target: Noun pred: Noun
toka target: Noun pred: Noun
öykü target: Noun pred: Noun
ayin target: Noun pred: Noun
nara target: Noun pred: Noun
okur target: Noun pred: Noun
boğa target: Noun pred: Noun
kase target: Noun pred: Noun
gidi target: Noun pred: Noun
keçi target: Noun pred: Noun
teke target: Noun pred: Noun
sevi target: Noun pred: Noun
üzüm target: Noun pred: Noun
şose target: Noun pred: Noun
çapa target: Noun pred: Noun
sent target: Noun pred: Noun
doru target: Noun pred: Noun
yele target: Noun pred: Noun
emek target: Noun pred: Noun
prim target: Noun pred: Noun
kova target: Noun pred: Noun
vazo target: Noun pred: Noun
alet target: Noun pred: Noun
ense target: Noun pred: Noun
yine target: Noun pred: Noun
harf target: Noun pred: Noun
hiza target: Noun pred: Noun
haya target: Noun pred: Noun
paça target: Noun pred: Noun
atım target: Noun pred: Noun
ocak target: Noun pred: Noun
duma target: Noun pred: Noun
saçı target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyı target: Noun pred: Noun
bent target: Noun pred: Noun
abla target: Noun pred: Noun
kare target: Noun pred: Noun
bira target: Noun pred: Noun
lime target: Noun pred: Noun
obje target: Noun pred: Noun
cadı target: Noun pred: Noun
yapı target: Noun pred: Noun
kedi target: Noun pred: Noun
etek target: Noun pred: Noun
fare target: Noun pred: Noun
sera target: Noun pred: Noun
bere target: Noun pred: Noun
vade target: Noun pred: Noun
iğne target: Noun pred: Noun
kola target: Noun pred: Noun
seda target: Noun pred: Noun
dizi target: Noun pred: Noun
ufuk target: Noun pred: Noun
daha target: Noun pred: Noun
hare target: Noun pred: Noun
paha target: Noun pred: Noun
cila target: Noun pred: Noun
riya target: Noun pred: Noun
ebat target: Noun pred: Noun
takı target: Noun pred: Noun
seçi target: Noun pred: Noun
kutu target: Noun pred: Noun
ilke target: Noun pred: Noun
site target: Noun pred: Noun
ayar target: Noun pred: Noun
eğim target: Noun pred: Noun
menü target: Noun pred: Noun
ağım target: Noun pred: Noun
kart target: Noun pred: Noun
seri target: Noun pred: Noun
meme target: Noun pred: Noun
çivi target: Noun pred: Noun
kaza target: Noun pred: Noun
iyot target: Noun pred: Noun
hane target: Noun pred: Noun
vadi target: Noun pred: Noun
gişe target: Noun pred: Noun
şifa target: Noun pred: Noun
doğu target: Noun pred: Noun
logo target: Noun pred: Noun
arma target: Noun pred: Noun
idda target: Noun pred: Noun
puan target: Noun pred: Noun
saha target: Noun pred: Noun
tref target: Noun pred: Noun
alım target: Noun pred: Noun
şube target: Noun pred: Noun
vefa target: Noun pred: Noun
maaş target: Noun pred: Noun
ömen target: Noun pred: Noun
pile target: Noun pred: Noun
tema target: Noun pred: Noun
mine target: Noun pred: Noun
ampü target: Noun pred: Noun
ağda target: Noun pred: Noun
file target: Noun pred: Noun
müze target: Noun pred: Noun
gele target: Noun pred: Noun
otur target: Verb pred: Verb
içer target: Verb pred: Verb
sars target: Verb pred: Verb
dürt target: Verb pred: Verb
yırt target: Verb pred: Verb
uçuş target: Verb pred: Verb
eğir target: Verb pred: Verb
üzgün target: Adj pred: Adj
aptal target: Adj pred: Adj
güzel target: Adj pred: Adj
doğru target: Adj pred: Adj
büyük target: Adj pred: Adj
belli target: Adj pred: Adj
sakin target: Adj pred: Adj
ıslak target: Adj pred: Adj
yavaş target: Adj pred: Adj
garip target: Adj pred: Adj
soğuk target: Adj pred: Adj
zayıf target: Adj pred: Adj
nazik target: Adj pred: Adj
siyah target: Adj pred: Adj
dönük target: Adj pred: Adj
topal target: Adj pred: Adj
şişko target: Adj pred: Adj
bozuk target: Adj pred: Adj
buçuk target: Adj pred: Adj
esnek target: Adj pred: Adj
alçak target: Adj pred: Adj
mutlu target: Adj pred: Adj
yeşil target: Adj pred: Adj
geçen target: Adj pred: Adj
ölgün target: Adj pred: Adj
üstün target: Adj pred: Adj
dakik target: Adj pred: Adj
küçük target: Adj pred: Adj
zarif target: Adj pred: Adj
nefis target: Adj pred: Adj
enfes target: Adj pred: Adj
sadık target: Adj pred: Adj
kayıp target: Adj pred: Adj
sefil target: Adj pred: Adj
gizli target: Adj pred: Adj
rezil target: Adj pred: Adj
tatlı target: Adj pred: Adj
türlü target: Adj pred: Adj
hangi target: Adj pred: Adj
ahşap target: Adj pred: Adj
hafif target: Adj pred: Adj
evcil target: Adj pred: Adj
leziz target: Adj pred: Adj
kagir target: Adj pred: Adj
cılız target: Adj pred: Adj
çinko target: Adj pred: Adj
muzip target: Adj pred: Adj
yıkık target: Adj pred: Adj
püskü target: Adj pred: Adj
doğal target: Adj pred: Adj
kesik target: Adj pred: Adj
asabi target: Adj pred: Adj
cahil target: Adj pred: Adj
genel target: Adj pred: Adj
sapık target: Adj pred: Adj
etkin target: Adj pred: Adj
boğuk target: Adj pred: Adj
çatık target: Adj pred: Adj
deşik target: Adj pred: Adj
milli target: Adj pred: Adj
düşük target: Adj pred: Adj
melez target: Adj pred: Adj
tuzlu target: Adj pred: Adj
uysal target: Adj pred: Adj
zorlu target: Adj pred: Adj
harap target: Adj pred: Adj
cazip target: Adj pred: Adj
saçık target: Adj pred: Adj
naçiz target: Adj pred: Adj
yerel target: Adj pred: Adj
toplu target: Adj pred: Adj
sanal target: Adj pred: Adj
çoklu target: Adj pred: Adj
özgün target: Adj pred: Adj
çizik target: Adj pred: Adj
saklı target: Adj pred: Adj
tekil target: Adj pred: Adj
örtük target: Adj pred: Adj
tipik target: Adj pred: Adj
mikro target: Adj pred: Adj
zanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
antik target: Adj pred: Adj
filan target: Adj pred: Adj
yerli target: Adj pred: Adj
batık target: Adj pred: Adj
bakir target: Adj pred: Adj
yasal target: Adj pred: Adj
izole target: Adj pred: Adj
aktif target: Adj pred: Adj
yanal target: Adj pred: Adj
bitap target: Adj pred: Adj
kuduz target: Adj pred: Adj
fiili target: Adj pred: Adj
köklü target: Adj pred: Adj
ilkel target: Adj pred: Adj
şayan target: Adj pred: Adj
streç target: Adj pred: Adj
titiz target: Adj pred: Adj
zilli target: Adj pred: Adj
yamuk target: Adj pred: Adj
sönük target: Adj pred: Adj
insan target: Noun pred: Noun
korku target: Noun pred: Noun
pembe target: Noun pred: Noun
yemin target: Noun pred: Noun
sınav target: Noun pred: Noun
durum target: Noun pred: Noun
şeref target: Noun pred: Noun
gergi target: Noun pred: Noun
boyar target: Noun pred: Noun
sonuç target: Noun pred: Noun
ahlak target: Noun pred: Noun
komik target: Noun pred: Noun
şarkı target: Noun pred: Noun
zaman target: Noun pred: Noun
örnek target: Noun pred: Noun
melek target: Noun pred: Noun
şahit target: Noun pred: Noun
çıkar target: Noun pred: Noun
kanat target: Noun pred: Noun
köpek target: Noun pred: Noun
telaş target: Noun pred: Noun
fayda target: Noun pred: Noun
çocuk target: Noun pred: Noun
hücum target: Noun pred: Noun
neden target: Noun pred: Noun
kurum target: Noun pred: Noun
esmer target: Noun pred: Noun
tutum target: Noun pred: Noun
görev target: Noun pred: Noun
kalça target: Noun pred: Noun
parça target: Noun pred: Noun
biçim target: Noun pred: Noun
sınır target: Noun pred: Noun
domuz target: Noun pred: Noun
huzur target: Noun pred: Noun
erkek target: Noun pred: Noun
yemek target: Noun pred: Noun
çiçek target: Noun pred: Noun
nezle target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıt target: Noun pred: Noun
pelte target: Noun pred: Noun
koyar target: Noun pred: Noun
mezar target: Noun pred: Noun
batak target: Noun pred: Noun
deniz target: Noun pred: Noun
ekmek target: Noun pred: Noun
arife target: Noun pred: Noun
sabah target: Noun pred: Noun
şapka target: Noun pred: Noun
idman target: Noun pred: Noun
çelik target: Noun pred: Noun
biber target: Noun pred: Noun
metre target: Noun pred: Noun
kafes target: Noun pred: Noun
şüphe target: Noun pred: Noun
taşra target: Noun pred: Noun
kayıt target: Noun pred: Noun
nöbet target: Noun pred: Noun
konum target: Noun pred: Noun
yürek target: Noun pred: Noun
imkan target: Noun pred: Noun
karşı target: Noun pred: Noun
kaygı target: Noun pred: Noun
soluk target: Noun pred: Noun
hafta target: Noun pred: Noun
ödeme target: Noun pred: Noun
döviz target: Noun pred: Noun
dolar target: Noun pred: Noun
kredi target: Noun pred: Noun
düzey target: Noun pred: Noun
tarih target: Noun pred: Noun
fiyat target: Noun pred: Noun
firma target: Noun pred: Noun
aylık target: Noun pred: Noun
dünya target: Noun pred: Noun
hacim target: Noun pred: Noun
ifade target: Noun pred: Noun
hedef target: Noun pred: Noun
rapor target: Noun pred: Noun
örgüt target: Noun pred: Noun
boyut target: Noun pred: Noun
evrak target: Noun pred: Noun
zarar target: Noun pred: Noun
ısrar target: Noun pred: Noun
sahne target: Noun pred: Noun
nebze target: Noun pred: Noun
boyun target: Noun pred: Noun
aşağı target: Noun pred: Noun
sofra target: Noun pred: Noun
binek target: Noun pred: Noun
araba target: Noun pred: Noun
vakit target: Noun pred: Noun
tabak target: Noun pred: Noun
haber target: Noun pred: Noun
hayat target: Noun pred: Noun
yanıt target: Noun pred: Noun
temin target: Noun pred: Noun
aleyh target: Noun pred: Noun
küfür target: Noun pred: Noun
sınıf target: Noun pred: Noun
evlat target: Noun pred: Noun
devam target: Noun pred: Noun
bagaj target: Noun pred: Noun
cümle target: Noun pred: Noun
akşam target: Noun pred: Noun
ceket target: Noun pred: Noun
nikah target: Noun pred: Noun
hariç target: Noun pred: Noun
ifsat target: Noun pred: Noun
piyes target: Noun pred: Noun
mizaç target: Noun pred: Noun
hüküm target: Noun pred: Noun
komşu target: Noun pred: Noun
şahin target: Noun pred: Noun
kimse target: Noun pred: Noun
orman target: Noun pred: Noun
pençe target: Noun pred: Noun
kulak target: Noun pred: Noun
öneri target: Noun pred: Noun
merak target: Noun pred: Noun
teori target: Noun pred: Noun
kaide target: Noun pred: Noun
dalga target: Noun pred: Noun
kuram target: Noun pred: Noun
iddia target: Noun pred: Noun
demet target: Noun pred: Noun
kadeh target: Noun pred: Noun
yargı target: Noun pred: Noun
kabul target: Noun pred: Noun
günah target: Noun pred: Noun
velev target: Noun pred: Noun
sanat target: Noun pred: Noun
roman target: Noun pred: Noun
meyve target: Noun pred: Noun
tanrı target: Noun pred: Noun
dilek target: Noun pred: Noun
ilham target: Noun pred: Noun
kahve target: Noun pred: Noun
cüret target: Noun pred: Noun
cadde target: Noun pred: Noun
kenar target: Noun pred: Noun
keman target: Noun pred: Noun
opera target: Noun pred: Noun
salon target: Noun pred: Noun
perde target: Noun pred: Noun
yavru target: Noun pred: Noun
yanak target: Noun pred: Noun
içeri target: Noun pred: Noun
beden target: Noun pred: Noun
bölüm target: Noun pred: Noun
inkar target: Noun pred: Noun
metin target: Noun pred: Noun
müdür target: Noun pred: Noun
palto target: Noun pred: Noun
hasta target: Noun pred: Noun
sakat target: Noun pred: Noun
taraf target: Noun pred: Noun
muhit target: Noun pred: Noun
niyet target: Noun pred: Noun
pazar target: Noun pred: Noun
sürat target: Noun pred: Noun
tuzak target: Noun pred: Noun
yüzde target: Noun pred: Noun
kilit target: Noun pred: Noun
ihmal target: Noun pred: Noun
sokak target: Noun pred: Noun
zerre target: Noun pred: Noun
espri target: Noun pred: Noun
surat target: Noun pred: Noun
takım target: Noun pred: Noun
lanet target: Noun pred: Noun
idare target: Noun pred: Noun
mujik target: Noun pred: Noun
saygı target: Noun pred: Noun
antre target: Noun pred: Noun
demin target: Noun pred: Noun
tonga target: Noun pred: Noun
anlam target: Noun pred: Noun
koyun target: Noun pred: Noun
yarık target: Noun pred: Noun
şakak target: Noun pred: Noun
kemik target: Noun pred: Noun
ikram target: Noun pred: Noun
vücut target: Noun pred: Noun
bakım target: Noun pred: Noun
bıyık target: Noun pred: Noun
kavga target: Noun pred: Noun
burun target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşam target: Noun pred: Noun
zümre target: Noun pred: Noun
istek target: Noun pred: Noun
selam target: Noun pred: Noun
yedek target: Noun pred: Noun
lüzum target: Noun pred: Noun
ortam target: Noun pred: Noun
şahım target: Noun pred: Noun
zihin target: Noun pred: Noun
hanım target: Noun pred: Noun
gözcü target: Noun pred: Noun
nokta target: Noun pred: Noun
deyim target: Noun pred: Noun
bıçak target: Noun pred: Noun
nağme target: Noun pred: Noun
limon target: Noun pred: Noun
diyar target: Noun pred: Noun
mevki target: Noun pred: Noun
kader target: Noun pred: Noun
şahıs target: Noun pred: Noun
rütbe target: Noun pred: Noun
zafer target: Noun pred: Noun
damar target: Noun pred: Noun
namus target: Noun pred: Noun
ileri target: Noun pred: Noun
davet target: Noun pred: Noun
hamam target: Noun pred: Noun
beyin target: Noun pred: Noun
panik target: Noun pred: Noun
makas target: Noun pred: Noun
vaşak target: Noun pred: Noun
kabus target: Noun pred: Noun
çanta target: Noun pred: Noun
bavul target: Noun pred: Noun
yığın target: Noun pred: Noun
güneş target: Noun pred: Noun
bahçe target: Noun pred: Noun
çimen target: Noun pred: Noun
tarla target: Noun pred: Noun
tezat target: Noun pred: Noun
otlak target: Noun pred: Noun
teras target: Noun pred: Noun
çoban target: Noun pred: Noun
hamle target: Noun pred: Noun
denge target: Noun pred: Noun
kanun target: Noun pred: Noun
kavis target: Noun pred: Noun
gölge target: Noun pred: Noun
topuk target: Noun pred: Noun
çevre target: Noun pred: Noun
mekan target: Noun pred: Noun
siper target: Noun pred: Noun
yatak target: Noun pred: Noun
alaka target: Noun pred: Noun
şamar target: Noun pred: Noun
fiske target: Noun pred: Noun
dayak target: Noun pred: Noun
ihtar target: Noun pred: Noun
uyarı target: Noun pred: Noun
tamam target: Noun pred: Noun
kümes target: Noun pred: Noun
tavuk target: Noun pred: Noun
iştah target: Noun pred: Noun
civar target: Noun pred: Noun
imdat target: Noun pred: Noun
heves target: Noun pred: Noun
silah target: Noun pred: Noun
seyis target: Noun pred: Noun
taban target: Noun pred: Noun
anlık target: Noun pred: Noun
bucak target: Noun pred: Noun
mimar target: Noun pred: Noun
duvar target: Noun pred: Noun
giysi target: Noun pred: Noun
kılık target: Noun pred: Noun
tanım target: Noun pred: Noun
statü target: Noun pred: Noun
köprü target: Noun pred: Noun
gelim target: Noun pred: Noun
nimet target: Noun pred: Noun
düşüm target: Noun pred: Noun
tanık target: Noun pred: Noun
barut target: Noun pred: Noun
kapak target: Noun pred: Noun
bacak target: Noun pred: Noun
düğme target: Noun pred: Noun
böcek target: Noun pred: Noun
ayrık target: Noun pred: Noun
karın target: Noun pred: Noun
durak target: Noun pred: Noun
salça target: Noun pred: Noun
sinek target: Noun pred: Noun
etmen target: Noun pred: Noun
göbek target: Noun pred: Noun
suret target: Noun pred: Noun
lokma target: Noun pred: Noun
tahta target: Noun pred: Noun
motor target: Noun pred: Noun
sepet target: Noun pred: Noun
bebek target: Noun pred: Noun
horoz target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşıt target: Noun pred: Noun
kürek target: Noun pred: Noun
sırık target: Noun pred: Noun
tohum target: Noun pred: Noun
örmeğ target: Noun pred: Noun
meyva target: Noun pred: Noun
terör target: Noun pred: Noun
lamba target: Noun pred: Noun
şilte target: Noun pred: Noun
balta target: Noun pred: Noun
resim target: Noun pred: Noun
söğüt target: Noun pred: Noun
döşek target: Noun pred: Noun
somya target: Noun pred: Noun
saman target: Noun pred: Noun
sabun target: Noun pred: Noun
köpük target: Noun pred: Noun
yazar target: Noun pred: Noun
yarın target: Noun pred: Noun
kağıt target: Noun pred: Noun
tulum target: Noun pred: Noun
tekne target: Noun pred: Noun
kaçak target: Noun pred: Noun
kaşık target: Noun pred: Noun
zemin target: Noun pred: Noun
kasıt target: Noun pred: Noun
kadar target: Noun pred: Noun
tokat target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyım target: Noun pred: Noun
pasta target: Noun pred: Noun
kabuk target: Noun pred: Noun
kimya target: Noun pred: Noun
mazur target: Noun pred: Noun
doğum target: Noun pred: Noun
kavun target: Noun pred: Noun
yumru target: Noun pred: Noun
sirke target: Noun pred: Noun
bilek target: Noun pred: Noun
kısım target: Noun pred: Noun
kısıt target: Noun pred: Noun
astar target: Noun pred: Noun
doyum target: Noun pred: Noun
çehre target: Noun pred: Noun
nüfus target: Noun pred: Noun
çörek target: Noun pred: Noun
nezit target: Noun pred: Noun
salya target: Noun pred: Noun
benek target: Noun pred: Noun
beniz target: Noun pred: Noun
hüner target: Noun pred: Noun
sonra target: Noun pred: Noun
verim target: Noun pred: Noun
kuzey target: Noun pred: Noun
dönem target: Noun pred: Noun
dolay target: Noun pred: Noun
çelim target: Noun pred: Noun
gizem target: Noun pred: Noun
börek target: Noun pred: Noun
marka target: Noun pred: Noun
pürüz target: Noun pred: Noun
humma target: Noun pred: Noun
alaca target: Noun pred: Noun
astım target: Noun pred: Noun
adale target: Noun pred: Noun
cüsse target: Noun pred: Noun
liste target: Noun pred: Noun
bölge target: Noun pred: Noun
sayfa target: Noun pred: Noun
çubuk target: Noun pred: Noun
şerit target: Noun pred: Noun
birim target: Noun pred: Noun
şifre target: Noun pred: Noun
nesne target: Noun pred: Noun
ücret target: Noun pred: Noun
hücre target: Noun pred: Noun
aşama target: Noun pred: Noun
koşul target: Noun pred: Noun
paket target: Noun pred: Noun
hasar target: Noun pred: Noun
dosya target: Noun pred: Noun
seçim target: Noun pred: Noun
sorun target: Noun pred: Noun
devre target: Noun pred: Noun
işlev target: Noun pred: Noun
blöge target: Noun pred: Noun
simge target: Noun pred: Noun
aygıt target: Noun pred: Noun
belge target: Noun pred: Noun
komut target: Noun pred: Noun
çilek target: Noun pred: Noun
midye target: Noun pred: Noun
sorum target: Noun pred: Noun
bulut target: Noun pred: Noun
ihbar target: Noun pred: Noun
kılıf target: Noun pred: Noun
çanak target: Noun pred: Noun
kucak target: Noun pred: Noun
torba target: Noun pred: Noun
macun target: Noun pred: Noun
kaşar target: Noun pred: Noun
sırma target: Noun pred: Noun
tenis target: Noun pred: Noun
müjde target: Noun pred: Noun
stres target: Noun pred: Noun
havuz target: Noun pred: Noun
talih target: Noun pred: Noun
banka target: Noun pred: Noun
tasma target: Noun pred: Noun
fıkra target: Noun pred: Noun
zirve target: Noun pred: Noun
süret target: Noun pred: Noun
arena target: Noun pred: Noun
albüm target: Noun pred: Noun
enzim target: Noun pred: Noun
kesim target: Noun pred: Noun
döküm target: Noun pred: Noun
giyim target: Noun pred: Noun
cephe target: Noun pred: Noun
rakım target: Noun pred: Noun
mevzi target: Noun pred: Noun
manga target: Noun pred: Noun
mayın target: Noun pred: Noun
makam target: Noun pred: Noun
flato target: Noun pred: Noun
kumaş target: Noun pred: Noun
buhar target: Noun pred: Noun
belir target: Verb pred: Verb
bağır target: Verb pred: Verb
getir target: Verb pred: Verb
götür target: Verb pred: Verb
çakış target: Verb pred: Verb
gider target: Verb pred: Verb
geçin target: Verb pred: Verb
çevir target: Verb pred: Verb
yatır target: Verb pred: Verb
yaşar target: Verb pred: Verb
buruş target: Verb pred: Verb
giriş target: Verb pred: Verb
şaşır target: Verb pred: Verb
kudur target: Verb pred: Verb
çağır target: Verb pred: Verb
tutun target: Verb pred: Verb
öksür target: Verb pred: Verb
tutuş target: Verb pred: Verb
kırış target: Verb pred: Verb
aldat target: Verb pred: Verb
buyur target: Verb pred: Verb
geğir target: Verb pred: Verb
seğir target: Verb pred: Verb
devir target: Verb pred: Verb
aldır target: Verb pred: Verb
addet target: Verb pred: Verb
duyur target: Verb pred: Verb
yeşer target: Verb pred: Verb
hayvan target: Adj pred: Adj
bitkin target: Adj pred: Adj
düşkün target: Adj pred: Adj
kutsal target: Adj pred: Adj
kapalı target: Adj pred: Adj
ilginç target: Adj pred: Adj
aşikar target: Adj pred: Adj
çirkin target: Adj pred: Adj
alışık target: Adj pred: Adj
zengin target: Adj pred: Adj
meşgul target: Adj pred: Adj
iğrenç target: Adj pred: Adj
hantal target: Adj pred: Adj
bencil target: Adj pred: Adj
küstah target: Adj pred: Adj
acayip target: Adj pred: Adj
yüksek target: Adj pred: Adj
sosyal target: Adj pred: Adj
ahlaki target: Adj pred: Adj
modern target: Adj pred: Adj
müthiş target: Adj pred: Adj
ufacık target: Adj pred: Adj
çekici target: Adj pred: Adj
dimdik target: Adj pred: Adj
mahsus target: Adj pred: Adj
keskin target: Adj pred: Adj
dümdüz target: Adj pred: Adj
bezgin target: Adj pred: Adj
acıklı target: Adj pred: Adj
ruhsal target: Adj pred: Adj
düzgün target: Adj pred: Adj
seçkin target: Adj pred: Adj
yırtık target: Adj pred: Adj
mızmız target: Adj pred: Adj
yığılı target: Adj pred: Adj
örtülü target: Adj pred: Adj
bullak target: Adj pred: Adj
dinsel target: Adj pred: Adj
olağan target: Adj pred: Adj
kafalı target: Adj pred: Adj
sarılı target: Adj pred: Adj
hayali target: Adj pred: Adj
şişkin target: Adj pred: Adj
mutsuz target: Adj pred: Adj
çarpık target: Adj pred: Adj
emekli target: Adj pred: Adj
uyuşuk target: Adj pred: Adj
yersiz target: Adj pred: Adj
cinsel target: Adj pred: Adj
döşeli target: Adj pred: Adj
siyasi target: Adj pred: Adj
menkul target: Adj pred: Adj
dayalı target: Adj pred: Adj
geçici target: Adj pred: Adj
güncel target: Adj pred: Adj
görsel target: Adj pred: Adj
gezici target: Adj pred: Adj
basılı target: Adj pred: Adj
dahili target: Adj pred: Adj
kırsal target: Adj pred: Adj
özürlü target: Adj pred: Adj
amatör target: Adj pred: Adj
ulusal target: Adj pred: Adj
şeffaf target: Adj pred: Adj
klasik target: Adj pred: Adj
bonkör target: Adj pred: Adj
kumsal target: Adj pred: Adj
mağlup target: Adj pred: Adj
kritik target: Adj pred: Adj
tektip target: Adj pred: Adj
erotik target: Adj pred: Adj
fiziki target: Adj pred: Adj
hukuki target: Adj pred: Adj
mahcup target: Adj pred: Adj
ütopik target: Adj pred: Adj
müsrif target: Adj pred: Adj
ılımlı target: Adj pred: Adj
global target: Adj pred: Adj
aktüel target: Adj pred: Adj
makbul target: Adj pred: Adj
okullu target: Adj pred: Adj
işaret target: Noun pred: Noun
başarı target: Noun pred: Noun
ölümlü target: Noun pred: Noun
kuvvet target: Noun pred: Noun
dehşet target: Noun pred: Noun
endişe target: Noun pred: Noun
kısmet target: Noun pred: Noun
şefkat target: Noun pred: Noun
teneke target: Noun pred: Noun
geveze target: Noun pred: Noun
mantar target: Noun pred: Noun
sıhhat target: Noun pred: Noun
yukarı target: Noun pred: Noun
bahane target: Noun pred: Noun
hazine target: Noun pred: Noun
tüccar target: Noun pred: Noun
hatıra target: Noun pred: Noun
dakika target: Noun pred: Noun
formül target: Noun pred: Noun
tahmin target: Noun pred: Noun
rüzgar target: Noun pred: Noun
avukat target: Noun pred: Noun
toprak target: Noun pred: Noun
dikkat target: Noun pred: Noun
mucize target: Noun pred: Noun
birlik target: Noun pred: Noun
kaynak target: Noun pred: Noun
varlık target: Noun pred: Noun
toplam target: Noun pred: Noun
piyasa target: Noun pred: Noun
itibar target: Noun pred: Noun
miktar target: Noun pred: Noun
petrol target: Noun pred: Noun
gözönü target: Noun pred: Noun
şirket target: Noun pred: Noun
duyuru target: Noun pred: Noun
türban target: Noun pred: Noun
devrim target: Noun pred: Noun
nefret target: Noun pred: Noun
parmak target: Noun pred: Noun
makine target: Noun pred: Noun
pırtık target: Noun pred: Noun
hayret target: Noun pred: Noun
garson target: Noun pred: Noun
mesele target: Noun pred: Noun
badana target: Noun pred: Noun
tabiat target: Noun pred: Noun
portre target: Noun pred: Noun
mahzur target: Noun pred: Noun
kelime target: Noun pred: Noun
banker target: Noun pred: Noun
cüzdan target: Noun pred: Noun
teşvik target: Noun pred: Noun
cazibe target: Noun pred: Noun
gömlek target: Noun pred: Noun
atölye target: Noun pred: Noun
yaprak target: Noun pred: Noun
salata target: Noun pred: Noun
derece target: Noun pred: Noun
barbar target: Noun pred: Noun
sigara target: Noun pred: Noun
çakmak target: Noun pred: Noun
kasvet target: Noun pred: Noun
dürbün target: Noun pred: Noun
mahluk target: Noun pred: Noun
sevinç target: Noun pred: Noun
alamet target: Noun pred: Noun
ibadet target: Noun pred: Noun
oyuncu target: Noun pred: Noun
balkon target: Noun pred: Noun
şimşek target: Noun pred: Noun
galeri target: Noun pred: Noun
tasarı target: Noun pred: Noun
badire target: Noun pred: Noun
seviye target: Noun pred: Noun
satıcı target: Noun pred: Noun
önsezi target: Noun pred: Noun
geleni target: Noun pred: Noun
hikaye target: Noun pred: Noun
bozgun target: Noun pred: Noun
rakibe target: Noun pred: Noun
cenaze target: Noun pred: Noun
kanaat target: Noun pred: Noun
keklik target: Noun pred: Noun
komedi target: Noun pred: Noun
numara target: Noun pred: Noun
ihanet target: Noun pred: Noun
aralık target: Noun pred: Noun
dışarı target: Noun pred: Noun
asalet target: Noun pred: Noun
dördün target: Noun pred: Noun
piyano target: Noun pred: Noun
kontes target: Noun pred: Noun
enfiye target: Noun pred: Noun
enfant target: Noun pred: Noun
toplum target: Noun pred: Noun
gazete target: Noun pred: Noun
iftira target: Noun pred: Noun
koltuk target: Noun pred: Noun
güçlük target: Noun pred: Noun
devlet target: Noun pred: Noun
servet target: Noun pred: Noun
cennet target: Noun pred: Noun
vicdan target: Noun pred: Noun
defter target: Noun pred: Noun
mersin target: Noun pred: Noun
akraba target: Noun pred: Noun
saadet target: Noun pred: Noun
emanet target: Noun pred: Noun
macera target: Noun pred: Noun
kulübe target: Noun pred: Noun
baraka target: Noun pred: Noun
kalaba target: Noun pred: Noun
meydan target: Noun pred: Noun
korkak target: Noun pred: Noun
olanak target: Noun pred: Noun
zindan target: Noun pred: Noun
yargıç target: Noun pred: Noun
pusula target: Noun pred: Noun
lezzet target: Noun pred: Noun
kırbaç target: Noun pred: Noun
feryat target: Noun pred: Noun
hergün target: Noun pred: Noun
kervan target: Noun pred: Noun
boşluk target: Noun pred: Noun
minnet target: Noun pred: Noun
gözucu target: Noun pred: Noun
sahibe target: Noun pred: Noun
saniye target: Noun pred: Noun
alaycı target: Noun pred: Noun
santim target: Noun pred: Noun
elbise target: Noun pred: Noun
tatmin target: Noun pred: Noun
kamyon target: Noun pred: Noun
daikka target: Noun pred: Noun
netice target: Noun pred: Noun
fasıla target: Noun pred: Noun
mevcut target: Noun pred: Noun
kasket target: Noun pred: Noun
kuyruk target: Noun pred: Noun
kabara target: Noun pred: Noun
ağabey target: Noun pred: Noun
makina target: Noun pred: Noun
harita target: Noun pred: Noun
zahmet target: Noun pred: Noun
kerata target: Noun pred: Noun
kilise target: Noun pred: Noun
tabure target: Noun pred: Noun
gayret target: Noun pred: Noun
lahana target: Noun pred: Noun
favori target: Noun pred: Noun
şömine target: Noun pred: Noun
kanepe target: Noun pred: Noun
gerdan target: Noun pred: Noun
düzine target: Noun pred: Noun
sünger target: Noun pred: Noun
kıymet target: Noun pred: Noun
parter target: Noun pred: Noun
isabet target: Noun pred: Noun
azamet target: Noun pred: Noun
kravat target: Noun pred: Noun
işleme target: Noun pred: Noun
köstek target: Noun pred: Noun
heybet target: Noun pred: Noun
öğreti target: Noun pred: Noun
espiri target: Noun pred: Noun
katmer target: Noun pred: Noun
kalite target: Noun pred: Noun
engebe target: Noun pred: Noun
bilinç target: Noun pred: Noun
şablon target: Noun pred: Noun
sunucu target: Noun pred: Noun
etiket target: Noun pred: Noun
kimlik target: Noun pred: Noun
katman target: Noun pred: Noun
mesafe target: Noun pred: Noun
başlık target: Noun pred: Noun
uzantı target: Noun pred: Noun
işyeri target: Noun pred: Noun
orantı target: Noun pred: Noun
bayrak target: Noun pred: Noun
tırtık target: Noun pred: Noun
sürücü target: Noun pred: Noun
içerik target: Noun pred: Noun
mahsul target: Noun pred: Noun
turizm target: Noun pred: Noun
konser target: Noun pred: Noun
mevsim target: Noun pred: Noun
haşmet target: Noun pred: Noun
basınç target: Noun pred: Noun
atılım target: Noun pred: Noun
sanayi target: Noun pred: Noun
hafıza target: Noun pred: Noun
gümrük target: Noun pred: Noun
abartı target: Noun pred: Noun
temkin target: Noun pred: Noun
panjur target: Noun pred: Noun
koruma target: Noun pred: Noun
özveri target: Noun pred: Noun
termos target: Noun pred: Noun
tartış target: Verb pred: Verb
tiksin target: Verb pred: Verb
haykır target: Verb pred: Verb
hisset target: Verb pred: Verb
yaklaş target: Verb pred: Verb
paylaş target: Verb pred: Verb
umursa target: Verb pred: Verb
kaldır target: Verb pred: Verb
reddet target: Verb pred: Verb
seyret target: Verb pred: Verb
kalkış target: Verb pred: Verb
başvur target: Verb pred: Verb
hıçkır target: Verb pred: Verb
sırnaş target: Verb pred: Verb
kırpış target: Verb pred: Verb
sarkıt target: Verb pred: Verb
gönder target: Verb pred: Verb
birleş target: Verb pred: Verb
çırpın target: Verb pred: Verb
çıldır target: Verb pred: Verb
varsay target: Verb pred: Verb
fışkır target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydet target: Verb pred: Verb
yumuşak target: Adj pred: Adj
alışkan target: Adj pred: Adj
bitişik target: Adj pred: Adj
yeterli target: Adj pred: Adj
değişik target: Adj pred: Adj
sevgili target: Adj pred: Adj
bireyci target: Adj pred: Adj
zavallı target: Adj pred: Adj
duyarlı target: Adj pred: Adj
açgözlü target: Adj pred: Adj
hesaplı target: Adj pred: Adj
alıngan target: Adj pred: Adj
karışık target: Adj pred: Adj
utangaç target: Adj pred: Adj
dizüstü target: Adj pred: Adj
kişisel target: Adj pred: Adj
belirli target: Adj pred: Adj
çevrili target: Adj pred: Adj
ölümcül target: Adj pred: Adj
incecik target: Adj pred: Adj
koskoca target: Adj pred: Adj
küçücük target: Adj pred: Adj
paralel target: Adj pred: Adj
şeftali target: Adj pred: Adj
sımsıkı target: Adj pred: Adj
sarıklı target: Adj pred: Adj
siyasal target: Adj pred: Adj
felsefi target: Adj pred: Adj
geçerli target: Adj pred: Adj
senelik target: Adj pred: Adj
hayırlı target: Adj pred: Adj
evvelsi target: Adj pred: Adj
buruşuk target: Adj pred: Adj
gönüllü target: Adj pred: Adj
çocuksu target: Adj pred: Adj
sıcacık target: Adj pred: Adj
mesleki target: Adj pred: Adj
dopdolu target: Adj pred: Adj
perişan target: Adj pred: Adj
radikal target: Adj pred: Adj
tutarlı target: Adj pred: Adj
yapısal target: Adj pred: Adj
pozitif target: Adj pred: Adj
negatif target: Adj pred: Adj
bağımlı target: Adj pred: Adj
dinamik target: Adj pred: Adj
dijital target: Adj pred: Adj
sayısal target: Adj pred: Adj
ardışık target: Adj pred: Adj
taburcu target: Adj pred: Adj
erkeksi target: Adj pred: Adj
politik target: Adj pred: Adj
uyduruk target: Adj pred: Adj
fanatik target: Adj pred: Adj
merkezi target: Adj pred: Adj
kentsel target: Adj pred: Adj
gözüpek target: Adj pred: Adj
sportif target: Adj pred: Adj
parasal target: Adj pred: Adj
kamusal target: Adj pred: Adj
illegal target: Adj pred: Adj
agresif target: Adj pred: Adj
alkolik target: Adj pred: Adj
bağışık target: Adj pred: Adj
barışık target: Adj pred: Adj
plastik target: Adj pred: Adj
kruvaze target: Adj pred: Adj
minicik target: Adj pred: Adj
laubali target: Adj pred: Adj
durağan target: Adj pred: Adj
yöresel target: Adj pred: Adj
heyecan target: Noun pred: Noun
düşünce target: Noun pred: Noun
özellik target: Noun pred: Noun
tecrübe target: Noun pred: Noun
felaket target: Noun pred: Noun
vaziyet target: Noun pred: Noun
hareket target: Noun pred: Noun
metanet target: Noun pred: Noun
dokunak target: Noun pred: Noun
karışım target: Noun pred: Noun
nezaket target: Noun pred: Noun
batarya target: Noun pred: Noun
eğlence target: Noun pred: Noun
sıkıntı target: Noun pred: Noun
dantela target: Noun pred: Noun
ihtimal target: Noun pred: Noun
hastane target: Noun pred: Noun
bilanço target: Noun pred: Noun
hakaret target: Noun pred: Noun
gerekçe target: Noun pred: Noun
dilekçe target: Noun pred: Noun
duruşma target: Noun pred: Noun
fakülte target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyafet target: Noun pred: Noun
evlilik target: Noun pred: Noun
variyet target: Noun pred: Noun
yetenek target: Noun pred: Noun
pelerin target: Noun pred: Noun
marifet target: Noun pred: Noun
tiyatro target: Noun pred: Noun
zarafet target: Noun pred: Noun
feragat target: Noun pred: Noun
ejderha target: Noun pred: Noun
kişilik target: Noun pred: Noun
hararet target: Noun pred: Noun
tanrıça target: Noun pred: Noun
gözyaşı target: Noun pred: Noun
cesaret target: Noun pred: Noun
hitabet target: Noun pred: Noun
ürperti target: Noun pred: Noun
ayrıntı target: Noun pred: Noun
ihtiyaç target: Noun pred: Noun
hemşeri target: Noun pred: Noun
rezalet target: Noun pred: Noun
entrika target: Noun pred: Noun
gelişim target: Noun pred: Noun
intihar target: Noun pred: Noun
ziyaret target: Noun pred: Noun
meyhane target: Noun pred: Noun
mazeret target: Noun pred: Noun
iftihar target: Noun pred: Noun
şövalye target: Noun pred: Noun
turnuva target: Noun pred: Noun
canavar target: Noun pred: Noun
ağırlık target: Noun pred: Noun
selamet target: Noun pred: Noun
kabahat target: Noun pred: Noun
terbiye target: Noun pred: Noun
otorite target: Noun pred: Noun
dayanak target: Noun pred: Noun
menfaat target: Noun pred: Noun
manzara target: Noun pred: Noun
sosyete target: Noun pred: Noun
başkent target: Noun pred: Noun
tehlike target: Noun pred: Noun
çekecek target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyamet target: Noun pred: Noun
pencere target: Noun pred: Noun
kasırga target: Noun pred: Noun
semaver target: Noun pred: Noun
karınca target: Noun pred: Noun
curcuna target: Noun pred: Noun
kestane target: Noun pred: Noun
intikam target: Noun pred: Noun
mırıltı target: Noun pred: Noun
muamele target: Noun pred: Noun
fırtına target: Noun pred: Noun
iskemle target: Noun pred: Noun
hengame target: Noun pred: Noun
romancı target: Noun pred: Noun
kaçamak target: Noun pred: Noun
ustalık target: Noun pred: Noun
işkence target: Noun pred: Noun
hakikat target: Noun pred: Noun
karyola target: Noun pred: Noun
pervane target: Noun pred: Noun
serseri target: Noun pred: Noun
yaygara target: Noun pred: Noun
fasulya target: Noun pred: Noun
kurdela target: Noun pred: Noun
tencere target: Noun pred: Noun
testere target: Noun pred: Noun
mengene target: Noun pred: Noun
parlıya target: Noun pred: Noun
hergele target: Noun pred: Noun
görüntü target: Noun pred: Noun
çingene target: Noun pred: Noun
gösteri target: Noun pred: Noun
anlaşma target: Noun pred: Noun
izlenim target: Noun pred: Noun
tuvalet target: Noun pred: Noun
ziyafet target: Noun pred: Noun
balmumu target: Noun pred: Noun
müsaade target: Noun pred: Noun
sivilce target: Noun pred: Noun
mekanik target: Noun pred: Noun
maharet target: Noun pred: Noun
anahtar target: Noun pred: Noun
kapüşon target: Noun pred: Noun
çerçeve target: Noun pred: Noun
kıpırtı target: Noun pred: Noun
drahoma target: Noun pred: Noun
görünüm target: Noun pred: Noun
nitelik target: Noun pred: Noun
fabrika target: Noun pred: Noun
yeryüzü target: Noun pred: Noun
becerik target: Noun pred: Noun
cezaevi target: Noun pred: Noun
eşzaman target: Noun pred: Noun
kılavuz target: Noun pred: Noun
başvuru target: Noun pred: Noun
dağılım target: Noun pred: Noun
sakınca target: Noun pred: Noun
öncelik target: Noun pred: Noun
palmiye target: Noun pred: Noun
mahalle target: Noun pred: Noun
tabanca target: Noun pred: Noun
kesinti target: Noun pred: Noun
madalya target: Noun pred: Noun
kamuoyu target: Noun pred: Noun
ribaunt target: Noun pred: Noun
peşinat target: Noun pred: Noun
mezbaha target: Noun pred: Noun
eşanlam target: Noun pred: Noun
mahkeme target: Noun pred: Noun
hükümet target: Noun pred: Noun
dekolte target: Noun pred: Noun
yırtmaç target: Noun pred: Noun
fermuar target: Noun pred: Noun
çatırda target: Verb pred: Verb
kışkırt target: Verb pred: Verb
eleştir target: Verb pred: Verb
ovuştur target: Verb pred: Verb
araştır target: Verb pred: Verb
duygusal target: Adj pred: Adj
düşüncel target: Adj pred: Adj
karmaşık target: Adj pred: Adj
göreceli target: Adj pred: Adj
yetersiz target: Adj pred: Adj
karanlık target: Adj pred: Adj
sıkılgan target: Adj pred: Adj
çekingen target: Adj pred: Adj
herhangi target: Adj pred: Adj
alicenap target: Adj pred: Adj
aşağılık target: Adj pred: Adj
haftalık target: Adj pred: Adj
romantik target: Adj pred: Adj
yetişkin target: Adj pred: Adj
yemyeşil target: Adj pred: Adj
girişken target: Adj pred: Adj
rastgele target: Adj pred: Adj
porselen target: Adj pred: Adj
konuşkan target: Adj pred: Adj
muvaffak target: Adj pred: Adj
alegorik target: Adj pred: Adj
belgesel target: Adj pred: Adj
insancıl target: Adj pred: Adj
simsiyah target: Adj pred: Adj
gencecik target: Adj pred: Adj
belirgin target: Adj pred: Adj
muzdarip target: Adj pred: Adj
mütevazi target: Adj pred: Adj
kıpkızıl target: Adj pred: Adj
fiziksel target: Adj pred: Adj
değişken target: Adj pred: Adj
kalıtsal target: Adj pred: Adj
kayıtsız target: Adj pred: Adj
yapışkan target: Adj pred: Adj
tertemiz target: Adj pred: Adj
ahlaksal target: Adj pred: Adj
rahmetli target: Adj pred: Adj
otomatik target: Adj pred: Adj
bağımsız target: Adj pred: Adj
bireysel target: Adj pred: Adj
yerleşik target: Adj pred: Adj
masaüstü target: Adj pred: Adj
geçersiz target: Adj pred: Adj
birincil target: Adj pred: Adj
sezgisel target: Adj pred: Adj
işlevsel target: Adj pred: Adj
işlemsel target: Adj pred: Adj
doğrusal target: Adj pred: Adj
mukannen target: Adj pred: Adj
kültürel target: Adj pred: Adj
barışçıl target: Adj pred: Adj
ikiyüzlü target: Adj pred: Adj
bilimsel target: Adj pred: Adj
turistik target: Adj pred: Adj
orijinal target: Adj pred: Adj
manyetik target: Adj pred: Adj
mustarip target: Adj pred: Adj
çalışkan target: Adj pred: Adj
bedensel target: Adj pred: Adj
müstakil target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşamsal target: Adj pred: Adj
evrensel target: Adj pred: Adj
evrimsel target: Adj pred: Adj
müzeyyen target: Adj pred: Adj
tepkisel target: Adj pred: Adj
akademik target: Adj pred: Adj
tarihsel target: Adj pred: Adj
örgütsel target: Adj pred: Adj
hukuksal target: Adj pred: Adj
simgesel target: Adj pred: Adj
düşünsel target: Adj pred: Adj
spesifik target: Adj pred: Adj
bölgesel target: Adj pred: Adj
kimyasal target: Adj pred: Adj
sıradışı target: Adj pred: Adj
objektif target: Adj pred: Adj
sempatik target: Adj pred: Adj
eşcinsel target: Adj pred: Adj
metazori target: Adj pred: Adj
deneysel target: Adj pred: Adj
zihinsel target: Adj pred: Adj
gösterge target: Noun pred: Noun
sandalye target: Noun pred: Noun
fetholun target: Noun pred: Noun
çoğunluk target: Noun pred: Noun
ustabaşı target: Noun pred: Noun
sözleşme target: Noun pred: Noun
diplomat target: Noun pred: Noun
tazminat target: Noun pred: Noun
kahraman target: Noun pred: Noun
muhabbet target: Noun pred: Noun
merhamet target: Noun pred: Noun
mübalağa target: Noun pred: Noun
taraftar target: Noun pred: Noun
soyguncu target: Noun pred: Noun
haberdar target: Noun pred: Noun
şampanya target: Noun pred: Noun
mukavele target: Noun pred: Noun
mücevher target: Noun pred: Noun
muhafaza target: Noun pred: Noun
tahammül target: Noun pred: Noun
toplantı target: Noun pred: Noun
cehennem target: Noun pred: Noun
charmant target: Noun pred: Noun
personne target: Noun pred: Noun
asilzade target: Noun pred: Noun
güvercin target: Noun pred: Noun
tekerlek target: Noun pred: Noun
yolculuk target: Noun pred: Noun
antlaşma target: Noun pred: Noun
kullanım target: Noun pred: Noun
müdahale target: Noun pred: Noun
içtenlik target: Noun pred: Noun
mücadele target: Noun pred: Noun
peksimet target: Noun pred: Noun
kahvaltı target: Noun pred: Noun
açıkhava target: Noun pred: Noun
kanaviçe target: Noun pred: Noun
mezarlık target: Noun pred: Noun
çarşamba target: Noun pred: Noun
dalkavuk target: Noun pred: Noun
karbonat target: Noun pred: Noun
gelinlik target: Noun pred: Noun
tereyağı target: Noun pred: Noun
dolambaç target: Noun pred: Noun
jandarma target: Noun pred: Noun
bağlantı target: Noun pred: Noun
istikrar target: Noun pred: Noun
üniforma target: Noun pred: Noun
desilebe target: Noun pred: Noun
kapasite target: Noun pred: Noun
karakter target: Noun pred: Noun
mülkiyet target: Noun pred: Noun
belediye target: Noun pred: Noun
puantiye target: Noun pred: Noun
internet target: Noun pred: Noun
bakanlık target: Noun pred: Noun
delikanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
dayanıklı target: Adj pred: Adj
ağırbaşlı target: Adj pred: Adj
yakışıklı target: Adj pred: Adj
rengarenk target: Adj pred: Adj
terbiyeli target: Adj pred: Adj
içgüdüsel target: Adj pred: Adj
müstehcen target: Adj pred: Adj
eleştirel target: Adj pred: Adj
aralıksız target: Adj pred: Adj
sömürgeci target: Adj pred: Adj
mantıksal target: Adj pred: Adj
aritmetik target: Adj pred: Adj
asimetrik target: Adj pred: Adj
alfabetik target: Adj pred: Adj
stratejik target: Adj pred: Adj
kümülatif target: Adj pred: Adj
yumuşacık target: Adj pred: Adj
panoramik target: Adj pred: Adj
dekoratif target: Adj pred: Adj
fotojenik target: Adj pred: Adj
hayvansal target: Adj pred: Adj
usturuplu target: Adj pred: Adj
prefabrik target: Adj pred: Adj
centilmen target: Noun pred: Noun
kalabalık target: Noun pred: Noun
parametre target: Noun pred: Noun
istirahat target: Noun pred: Noun
insanoğlu target: Noun pred: Noun
tezgahtar target: Noun pred: Noun
samimiyet target: Noun pred: Noun
charmante target: Noun pred: Noun
chatelain target: Noun pred: Noun
taşkınlık target: Noun pred: Noun
kilometre target: Noun pred: Noun
babacığım target: Noun pred: Noun
büyükbaba target: Noun pred: Noun
muhalefet target: Noun pred: Noun
hapishane target: Noun pred: Noun
istikamet target: Noun pred: Noun
karafatma target: Noun pred: Noun
sertifika target: Noun pred: Noun
sayısında target: Noun pred: Noun
başkanlık target: Noun pred: Noun
başgöster target: Verb pred: Verb
kahverengi target: Adj pred: Adj
olağanüstü target: Adj pred: Adj
soğukkanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
sarımtırak target: Adj pred: Adj
adamakıllı target: Adj pred: Adj
sıcakkanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
kaçınılmaz target: Adj pred: Adj
esrarengiz target: Adj pred: Adj
yönetimsel target: Adj pred: Adj
hiperbolik target: Adj pred: Adj
geleneksel target: Adj pred: Adj
kanserojen target: Adj pred: Adj
atmosferik target: Adj pred: Adj
sistematik target: Adj pred: Adj
sosyolojik target: Adj pred: Adj
inandırıcı target: Adj pred: Adj
üniversite target: Noun pred: Noun
gereksinim target: Noun pred: Noun
imalathane target: Noun pred: Noun
karşılaşma target: Noun pred: Noun
veritabanı target: Noun pred: Noun
mürettebat target: Noun pred: Noun
beyazperde target: Noun pred: Noun
çırılçıplak target: Adj pred: Adj
profesyonel target: Adj pred: Adj
endüstriyel target: Adj pred: Adj
karşılaştır target: Verb pred: Verb
matematiksel target: Adj pred: Adj
kaldırımının target: Noun pred: Noun
otobiyografik target: Adj pred: Adj
istatistiksel target: Adj pred: Adj
baştançıkarıcı target: Adj pred: Adj
