giymişti target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumu target: Pos pred: Pos
erdikten target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştum target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştı target: Pos pred: Pos
ellerimi target: Pos pred: Pos
olacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyen target: Pos pred: Pos
öpüyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktım target: Pos pred: Pos
unuturuz target: Pos pred: Pos
olmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
değiştim target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunuşu target: Pos pred: Pos
korkarım target: Pos pred: Pos
yaslanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
varmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
duyulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
taparlar target: Pos pred: Pos
verirler target: Pos pred: Pos
isterler target: Pos pred: Pos
işlemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
yakarken target: Pos pred: Pos
girmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
varmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
sallayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sallıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
mahvolan target: Pos pred: Pos
keşfeden target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduğum target: Pos pred: Pos
izlerler target: Pos pred: Pos
gülerler target: Pos pred: Pos
hisseder target: Pos pred: Pos
duyduğun target: Pos pred: Pos
olanlara target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarıp target: Pos pred: Pos
demektir target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratmış target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkacak target: Pos pred: Pos
düşmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
söylemek target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmacık target: Pos pred: Pos
olmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
izlerken target: Pos pred: Pos
abandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
değişmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
inanırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünmek target: Pos pred: Pos
istediği target: Pos pred: Pos
vereceği target: Pos pred: Pos
başlandı target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
tanırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
kökleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
bilirler target: Pos pred: Pos
doğuştan target: Pos pred: Pos
etmekten target: Pos pred: Pos
beğenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
biçilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarmak target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
savaşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
soranlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşan target: Pos pred: Pos
bindirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
unuttuğu target: Pos pred: Pos
olacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
kızarmış target: Pos pred: Pos
yetmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
oturuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülerek target: Pos pred: Pos
tutturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
tutarsak target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsedin target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyin target: Pos pred: Pos
giyerken target: Pos pred: Pos
kollayan target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraksın target: Pos pred: Pos
dinleyin target: Pos pred: Pos
bastırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
dinledim target: Pos pred: Pos
koydular target: Pos pred: Pos
süslenip target: Pos pred: Pos
çarpıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
atıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
başlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
yemekten target: Pos pred: Pos
vurmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
övmenize target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteriş target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırın target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatmak target: Pos pred: Pos
dersiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
buldunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
eriyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
ürperten target: Pos pred: Pos
bilseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
verdirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
okumuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
kayboldu target: Pos pred: Pos
etmişler target: Pos pred: Pos
bahseden target: Pos pred: Pos
yonttuğu target: Pos pred: Pos
büyüledi target: Pos pred: Pos
çekilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
düzeltin target: Pos pred: Pos
diriltin target: Pos pred: Pos
seslenin target: Pos pred: Pos
sümküren target: Pos pred: Pos
geveledi target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyucu target: Pos pred: Pos
reddetti target: Pos pred: Pos
içmelere target: Pos pred: Pos
titreyen target: Pos pred: Pos
görürdüm target: Pos pred: Pos
canlandı target: Pos pred: Pos
baktıkça target: Pos pred: Pos
bakardım target: Pos pred: Pos
coşmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
olanıdır target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmüyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
tamamlanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
uyandıramazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
varılmıyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
kastetmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
reddetmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
darılmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayabilirdi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmediğinizi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyordunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkaramıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
umursamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
geçiremiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
sırnaşmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
edemiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıyamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yanılmıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmasaydınız target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
götüremeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmayacaktı target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayacaktı target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
şaşırmamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadıklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
karışamayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamalıydın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemeseydin target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediğimden target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybedemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
ısıtamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçınamayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
görünemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bekleyemezsek target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kirletmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
titrememesine target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemiyordun target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsememişti target: Neg pred: Neg
kakmayacaksın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmeseydi target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfedilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
arzulamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkartamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşlanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
tekrarlatmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatamayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybolmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılaşmaman target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
kestiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
koruyamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yuvarlanmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
beceremiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemediğinin target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşanamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunulmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
ezilmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
göremeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyeceksin target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmazdınız target: Neg pred: Neg
duramayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
oturmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
kovmuyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyişinden target: Neg pred: Neg
ilerleyemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
konmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırılmam target: Neg pred: Neg
katılamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
içermediğinde target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
erişemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
belirtilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntüleyemeyebilirsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenemeyebileceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
biçimlendiremeyeceklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
kötülediniz target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
parçaladığı target: Pos pred: Pos
kattığımızı target: Pos pred: Pos
tekrarlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
gözettiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
girişiyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekiyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
görülebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
alevlenecek target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
olacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptığınızı target: Pos pred: Pos
dinliyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacakları target: Pos pred: Pos
ürperiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
tekrarladım target: Pos pred: Pos
kanatlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
ulaştıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
korkuyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
kıyabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
uyandıracak target: Pos pred: Pos
okşayacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
kıvıracağım target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiyse target: Pos pred: Pos
döndürmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
edeceğinizi target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybetmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıştırana target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklenmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
koştuğundan target: Pos pred: Pos
dikiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kuduruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
kovalıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ıskalayınca target: Pos pred: Pos
telaşlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
saldırmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
zıplamışken target: Pos pred: Pos
gezdirmekle target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiklerini target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
gelebilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
olabileceği target: Pos pred: Pos
davranmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
yerleşmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
savuşuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolanmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
alçaltmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşadıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
vermiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
veremezler target: Neg pred: Neg
algılanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gönderemez target: Neg pred: Neg
zorlayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
silemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
uğraşmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
taslamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
almamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
okuyamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
duramazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
almıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemişim target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmadıkça target: Neg pred: Neg
sollamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
uyuyamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
satmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
sorulmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
harcamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
addetmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
oynanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kapılmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
gidilmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
şaşırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
aşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
rahatlattı target: Pos pred: Pos
beklenenin target: Pos pred: Pos
imzaladığı target: Pos pred: Pos
dolduracak target: Pos pred: Pos
isteyeceği target: Pos pred: Pos
kalabilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
yükseltici target: Pos pred: Pos
olmasından target: Pos pred: Pos
hazırlanan target: Pos pred: Pos
olmalarına target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrıldılar target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
bekliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
girdiğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
işitiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
çekiştirip target: Pos pred: Pos
vurduğunda target: Pos pred: Pos
ıslanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
ilgilenmen target: Pos pred: Pos
etmesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
ilgilenmek target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
açıklanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
görünürler target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşurken target: Pos pred: Pos
nişanlandı target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybediyor target: Pos pred: Pos
saklıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorsan target: Pos pred: Pos
yitirirler target: Pos pred: Pos
etkileyici target: Pos pred: Pos
başlayacak target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumuzu target: Pos pred: Pos
zannederiz target: Pos pred: Pos
çekebilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
büyüleyici target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatırsın target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıttığın target: Pos pred: Pos
çevreleyen target: Pos pred: Pos
titreyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
mırıldandı target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğünde target: Pos pred: Pos
üzebilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
geçiyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrettiğin target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaştım target: Pos pred: Pos
düştüğünün target: Pos pred: Pos
olunmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
davrandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
seveceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktığında target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterecek target: Pos pred: Pos
geleceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
olabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
vardığında target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılayan target: Pos pred: Pos
belirterek target: Pos pred: Pos
seyrederek target: Pos pred: Pos
benziyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
asmışlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlatılan target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğünüz target: Pos pred: Pos
değişirler target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirirken target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğini target: Pos pred: Pos
inanıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
etkinleştirilmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülemeyebilirsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştiremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirebilecekleri target: Pos pred: Pos
söyledi target: Pos pred: Pos
getirme target: Pos pred: Pos
çekildi target: Pos pred: Pos
istendi target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakma target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılan target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
olsaydı target: Pos pred: Pos
sanırım target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
sevecek target: Pos pred: Pos
çekindi target: Pos pred: Pos
gülerek target: Pos pred: Pos
eskimiş target: Pos pred: Pos
indiler target: Pos pred: Pos
inerken target: Pos pred: Pos
bitiren target: Pos pred: Pos
dönerek target: Pos pred: Pos
dileyen target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çektiği target: Pos pred: Pos
sıkarak target: Pos pred: Pos
salladı target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşma target: Pos pred: Pos
gereken target: Pos pred: Pos
verirse target: Pos pred: Pos
bulacak target: Pos pred: Pos
sürecek target: Pos pred: Pos
eğilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunur target: Pos pred: Pos
bakarak target: Pos pred: Pos
kıyılan target: Pos pred: Pos
diyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunan target: Pos pred: Pos
bozacak target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüş target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyüp target: Pos pred: Pos
aldırış target: Pos pred: Pos
geliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oynayan target: Pos pred: Pos
vuruldu target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenme target: Pos pred: Pos
getirir target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşamak target: Pos pred: Pos
olurlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacak target: Pos pred: Pos
geçecek target: Pos pred: Pos
bulmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
buluruz target: Pos pred: Pos
gelince target: Pos pred: Pos
olmanın target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmeni target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
görelim target: Pos pred: Pos
bitenin target: Pos pred: Pos
izledim target: Pos pred: Pos
unuttum target: Pos pred: Pos
titredi target: Pos pred: Pos
ürperdi target: Pos pred: Pos
kapanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sarıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
görüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
unuttun target: Pos pred: Pos
kalıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sevdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
alırken target: Pos pred: Pos
konmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşarsa target: Pos pred: Pos
ödemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
çekerek target: Pos pred: Pos
ederler target: Pos pred: Pos
istemek target: Pos pred: Pos
getirip target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratma target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakır target: Pos pred: Pos
koyduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
gidelim target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışla target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
kapladı target: Pos pred: Pos
götürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
görmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiği target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşup target: Pos pred: Pos
anladım target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşamış target: Pos pred: Pos
sürüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğü target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündü target: Pos pred: Pos
atarken target: Pos pred: Pos
beliren target: Pos pred: Pos
başladı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
salındı target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
yarattı target: Pos pred: Pos
giderek target: Pos pred: Pos
sormaya target: Pos pred: Pos
denecek target: Pos pred: Pos
yaraşır target: Pos pred: Pos
saçıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
dağıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
vurarak target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuldu target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
geliriz target: Pos pred: Pos
göründü target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiği target: Pos pred: Pos
andırır target: Pos pred: Pos
atılmak target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktığı target: Pos pred: Pos
yayıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
dayanır target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrılsa target: Pos pred: Pos
girecek target: Pos pred: Pos
kalınca target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yırtıcı target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
olmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
götürse target: Pos pred: Pos
gidiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
keserek target: Pos pred: Pos
uğratıp target: Pos pred: Pos
olamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
sığamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
sürmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
açılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
harcanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacaktı target: Neg pred: Neg
giremediler target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
kızamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayabilir target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
dilemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımamışım target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
davranılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yeşermemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
beslenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemezlik target: Neg pred: Neg
evlenmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
içermiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
yenileyemez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığında target: Neg pred: Neg
gerektirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kapsamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
denetlenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
açılmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıyamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanları target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
görülemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
açamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
silmezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kopyalanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
sıralayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklemez target: Neg pred: Neg
vermediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
artmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydedilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
seçemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
döndürülmez target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
eklemedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydırılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
gideremezse target: Neg pred: Neg
yazdırılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemenizi target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
girmezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
çakışmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
taşınamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamasıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamamakta target: Neg pred: Neg
belirtmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
gidilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğin target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bozulmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmezken target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyenlere target: Neg pred: Neg
bilinmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
giderilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşanmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
girmeseydik target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
hazmedemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmasınlar target: Neg pred: Neg
reddetmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
veremiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeliler target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmedikten target: Neg pred: Neg
rahatlarken target: Pos pred: Pos
gerçekleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
uygulanması target: Pos pred: Pos
bildirdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
azalttığını target: Pos pred: Pos
beklenenden target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
oluşturduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
ulaştırdığı target: Pos pred: Pos
uygulandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
sığınılarak target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştuğumu target: Pos pred: Pos
endişelenme target: Pos pred: Pos
benziyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dökülüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışlarını target: Pos pred: Pos
solumasıydı target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hazırlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
evlendiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
düşüneceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmesini target: Pos pred: Pos
dediklerine target: Pos pred: Pos
büyülemişse target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünmekten target: Pos pred: Pos
geçenlerdir target: Pos pred: Pos
kısıtlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrıldıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
toplanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
peydahlandı target: Pos pred: Pos
gerektiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
yapabilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
bulabilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
zehirleyici target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumuzda target: Pos pred: Pos
davranırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
istedikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
isteyebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
görünmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılaşmış target: Pos pred: Pos
hoşlanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
paylaştılar target: Pos pred: Pos
olduklarını target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratabilen target: Pos pred: Pos
kazandırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
katabilirse target: Pos pred: Pos
dökebilmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
onaylıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
andırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
alkışlamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
değdiğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
ayarlamakta target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkışlarını target: Pos pred: Pos
solgunlaştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmacıklık target: Pos pred: Pos
kaptırmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşulmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
rastladıkça target: Pos pred: Pos
bilebilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
soyulduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybetmenin target: Pos pred: Pos
getirdiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılaştım target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
verdiğinizi target: Pos pred: Pos
oturanlarla target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
değiştirdim target: Pos pred: Pos
tıkanacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
dinledikten target: Pos pred: Pos
hazırladığı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdikten target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyüşüyle target: Pos pred: Pos
tıkanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
canlandırın target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
tekrarlayın target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hissetmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
kekeliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
geveliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
duygulanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
kenetlenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
acıdığımdan target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvardınız target: Pos pred: Pos
tekrarlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
tuttuğumdan target: Pos pred: Pos
söyledikten target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
gidebilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
yayabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıştırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
kurduğunuzu target: Pos pred: Pos
inceleyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
dinlerseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
küçültmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşuyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
kızdırdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterirken target: Pos pred: Pos
kötüleyeyim target: Pos pred: Pos
yayacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmaları target: Pos pred: Pos
sokularak target: Pos pred: Pos
baksanıza target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşalım target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
artırmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
edersiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenirim target: Pos pred: Pos
olursanız target: Pos pred: Pos
olurdunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
çektiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşması target: Pos pred: Pos
anladınız target: Pos pred: Pos
kötülemek target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanmak target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
alırdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenirse target: Pos pred: Pos
yapabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünerek target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
edebildim target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
aldatarak target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
açıklamak target: Pos pred: Pos
söylerken target: Pos pred: Pos
kalacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
göstermek target: Pos pred: Pos
yaslanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuluyor target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünecek target: Pos pred: Pos
bakmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarılır target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
mahvettim target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
koyacağız target: Pos pred: Pos
gidiverin target: Pos pred: Pos
soracağım target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
bulanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
ederseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
götürmeli target: Pos pred: Pos
getiririm target: Pos pred: Pos
gömülerek target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
daldırmış target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
durduktan target: Pos pred: Pos
kandırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
halletmek target: Pos pred: Pos
koşuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
tanışmayı target: Pos pred: Pos
kurulandı target: Pos pred: Pos
çatıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kıvıracak target: Pos pred: Pos
soruyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
köpürerek target: Pos pred: Pos
geziyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
korkmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
görününce target: Pos pred: Pos
gülüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kabararak target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenecek target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
kesiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolanmayı target: Pos pred: Pos
atlatmayı target: Pos pred: Pos
atlatmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
doğrulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
eşelerken target: Pos pred: Pos
açılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
koyacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
takırdadı target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybetmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
alınmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kovalayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunacak target: Pos pred: Pos
sokuluyor target: Pos pred: Pos
okşayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
okşuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
inliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
durmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanmakta target: Pos pred: Pos
bitenleri target: Pos pred: Pos
gözlemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
sokulması target: Pos pred: Pos
gidinceye target: Pos pred: Pos
yumuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
tutuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyarak target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrılmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
kalıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatılsa target: Pos pred: Pos
anlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
seviyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
veriyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bakındı target: Pos pred: Pos
olduysa target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
diyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yumacak target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenip target: Pos pred: Pos
diyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkmak target: Pos pred: Pos
saydığı target: Pos pred: Pos
yatışıp target: Pos pred: Pos
takıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
koşarak target: Pos pred: Pos
çakılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gelelim target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyan target: Pos pred: Pos
duyduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
gererek target: Pos pred: Pos
dönerse target: Pos pred: Pos
saparak target: Pos pred: Pos
götüren target: Pos pred: Pos
incinen target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüp target: Pos pred: Pos
dolanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
avlanan target: Pos pred: Pos
yetişti target: Pos pred: Pos
kesilip target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkılan target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmayı target: Pos pred: Pos
yetindi target: Pos pred: Pos
durmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
dökülen target: Pos pred: Pos
dayanan target: Pos pred: Pos
geçince target: Pos pred: Pos
korunan target: Pos pred: Pos
çevirip target: Pos pred: Pos
görecek target: Pos pred: Pos
gelemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
üzülmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sarsılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
incitemem target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
direnmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
açmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamakla target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ilerlemem target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsemez target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
devralmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
silinemez target: Neg pred: Neg
atanmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
açmamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
eklenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
önerilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
vermediği target: Neg pred: Neg
içermeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
ekleyemez target: Neg pred: Neg
taşınamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sormaması target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmam target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
eklemeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermez target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülemez target: Neg pred: Neg
eklemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yenilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
taşıyamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
içerilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmasanız target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
okunmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
saklanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
duymaması target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yönetemez target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatmam target: Neg pred: Neg
yazamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
alamazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
alınamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmama target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
büyümedim target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
kurmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
olamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
açılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
almadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyenin target: Neg pred: Neg
vurmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazken target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmese target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kazılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
giremiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
denemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
artmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
satmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
imzalayan target: Pos pred: Pos
doluncaya target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılacak target: Pos pred: Pos
savunduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
yürütülen target: Pos pred: Pos
yumuşatır target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
seveceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
girdiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
izliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ferahlama target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşasaydı target: Pos pred: Pos
fısıldadı target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınması target: Pos pred: Pos
yıpranmış target: Pos pred: Pos
sallarken target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunun target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırladı target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
göreceğiz target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülürdüm target: Pos pred: Pos
onaylıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sanıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
oldukları target: Pos pred: Pos
buluyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
bittiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
oynuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
süslenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
otururken target: Pos pred: Pos
otomatikleştiremediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yuvarlanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bekliyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
olabilirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
kışkırtıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaşıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
edinebilmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
coşmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmek target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçmak target: Pos pred: Pos
öpmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
çökmek target: Pos pred: Pos
atıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
bitmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
vermek target: Pos pred: Pos
uzattı target: Pos pred: Pos
kapadı target: Pos pred: Pos
inanır target: Pos pred: Pos
istedi target: Pos pred: Pos
kalsın target: Pos pred: Pos
sıkmış target: Pos pred: Pos
açıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptım target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışı target: Pos pred: Pos
duymuş target: Pos pred: Pos
vurdum target: Pos pred: Pos
versin target: Pos pred: Pos
içirip target: Pos pred: Pos
biteni target: Pos pred: Pos
verdim target: Pos pred: Pos
ilişti target: Pos pred: Pos
görmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldım target: Pos pred: Pos
sormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
ölünce target: Pos pred: Pos
istese target: Pos pred: Pos
okuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
ederiz target: Pos pred: Pos
vardım target: Pos pred: Pos
ölüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
diyeni target: Pos pred: Pos
inanın target: Pos pred: Pos
ekledi target: Pos pred: Pos
inledi target: Pos pred: Pos
yapsak target: Pos pred: Pos
savdık target: Pos pred: Pos
uğradı target: Pos pred: Pos
alındı target: Pos pred: Pos
bastık target: Pos pred: Pos
etmeli target: Pos pred: Pos
edince target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişi target: Pos pred: Pos
uçarak target: Pos pred: Pos
içiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
diktin target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmış target: Pos pred: Pos
uzandı target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
uzayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
doladı target: Pos pred: Pos
alışır target: Pos pred: Pos
sıkıla target: Pos pred: Pos
dönsün target: Pos pred: Pos
denedi target: Pos pred: Pos
atarak target: Pos pred: Pos
kırıcı target: Pos pred: Pos
girmek target: Pos pred: Pos
alalım target: Pos pred: Pos
yatmış target: Pos pred: Pos
alıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
aldığı target: Pos pred: Pos
anladı target: Pos pred: Pos
kanlar target: Pos pred: Pos
bozucu target: Pos pred: Pos
izleye target: Pos pred: Pos
kuvvetlendirmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçiremeyeceğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleşmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
uyandırmayacağından target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntüleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
etkinleştirmezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamayacaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydettirilmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmemelisiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
çalıştırmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendiremiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılandıramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturulmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
düzenlenemediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendiremiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
heyecanlandırabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
gerçekleştireceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
et target: Pos pred: Pos
eğ target: Pos pred: Pos
di target: Pos pred: Pos
öl target: Pos pred: Pos
ye target: Pos pred: Pos
olmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmez target: Neg pred: Neg
atmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
eğmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yemez target: Neg pred: Neg
inmem target: Neg pred: Neg
demez target: Neg pred: Neg
yemem target: Neg pred: Neg
demem target: Neg pred: Neg
almaz target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmez target: Neg pred: Neg
açmam target: Neg pred: Neg
açmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
atmam target: Neg pred: Neg
inmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yapan target: Pos pred: Pos
erime target: Pos pred: Pos
geçen target: Pos pred: Pos
düştü target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktı target: Pos pred: Pos
satış target: Pos pred: Pos
veren target: Pos pred: Pos
olmak target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptı target: Pos pred: Pos
seçti target: Pos pred: Pos
koydu target: Pos pred: Pos
geldi target: Pos pred: Pos
verdi target: Pos pred: Pos
kalan target: Pos pred: Pos
yiyip target: Pos pred: Pos
gitti target: Pos pred: Pos
baktı target: Pos pred: Pos
gördü target: Pos pred: Pos
söyle target: Pos pred: Pos
gelip target: Pos pred: Pos
olmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
verme target: Pos pred: Pos
seven target: Pos pred: Pos
doldu target: Pos pred: Pos
sildi target: Pos pred: Pos
kesti target: Pos pred: Pos
duydu target: Pos pred: Pos
çattı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşün target: Pos pred: Pos
gelir target: Pos pred: Pos
sordu target: Pos pred: Pos
olsun target: Pos pred: Pos
güldü target: Pos pred: Pos
çürür target: Pos pred: Pos
taşır target: Pos pred: Pos
gelin target: Pos pred: Pos
yedim target: Pos pred: Pos
gidip target: Pos pred: Pos
bakış target: Pos pred: Pos
öptük target: Pos pred: Pos
sunup target: Pos pred: Pos
duran target: Pos pred: Pos
süsen target: Pos pred: Pos
geçti target: Pos pred: Pos
demek target: Pos pred: Pos
getir target: Pos pred: Pos
giyip target: Pos pred: Pos
yanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sönen target: Pos pred: Pos
yapar target: Pos pred: Pos
girdi target: Pos pred: Pos
giriş target: Pos pred: Pos
durdu target: Pos pred: Pos
okudu target: Pos pred: Pos
biten target: Pos pred: Pos
yazın target: Pos pred: Pos
giydi target: Pos pred: Pos
kesin target: Pos pred: Pos
sardı target: Pos pred: Pos
batan target: Pos pred: Pos
süren target: Pos pred: Pos
bilir target: Pos pred: Pos
kalır target: Pos pred: Pos
batsa target: Pos pred: Pos
ürken target: Pos pred: Pos
almak target: Pos pred: Pos
giden target: Pos pred: Pos
biter target: Pos pred: Pos
verin target: Pos pred: Pos
kızdı target: Pos pred: Pos
gidin target: Pos pred: Pos
bakın target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkıp target: Pos pred: Pos
görün target: Pos pred: Pos
dönen target: Pos pred: Pos
sezdi target: Pos pred: Pos
bakar target: Pos pred: Pos
ettik target: Pos pred: Pos
verir target: Pos pred: Pos
yemiş target: Pos pred: Pos
artan target: Pos pred: Pos
soyup target: Pos pred: Pos
sever target: Pos pred: Pos
geçin target: Pos pred: Pos
dönün target: Pos pred: Pos
sayan target: Pos pred: Pos
çöktü target: Pos pred: Pos
gelen target: Pos pred: Pos
yeter target: Pos pred: Pos
girin target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldı target: Pos pred: Pos
süzdü target: Pos pred: Pos
tuttu target: Pos pred: Pos
açalı target: Pos pred: Pos
bilin target: Pos pred: Pos
olduk target: Pos pred: Pos
vurup target: Pos pred: Pos
olanı target: Pos pred: Pos
doğdu target: Pos pred: Pos
koyan target: Pos pred: Pos
döndü target: Pos pred: Pos
oldum target: Pos pred: Pos
güler target: Pos pred: Pos
büktü target: Pos pred: Pos
etmek target: Pos pred: Pos
söküp target: Pos pred: Pos
atmak target: Pos pred: Pos
edene target: Pos pred: Pos
dalıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ettim target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkar target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gerçekleştiremeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
çalıştırılamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
zımbalayamayacağınızı target: Neg pred: Neg
biçimlendirilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
onaylamam target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
alamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyeni target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
alışmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
umursamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
istemedik target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmama target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramayan target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
şaşırmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
almamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmezsek target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
yeltenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
beceremem target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
veremezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
göremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemedin target: Neg pred: Neg
götüremem target: Neg pred: Neg
zannetmem target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezsek target: Neg pred: Neg
durmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
karışamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
denemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
oynayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kaynaşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
tırmanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
inanılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmasaydı target: Neg pred: Neg
saklamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımlama target: Neg pred: Neg
edinmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
istemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
okşamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
azalmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmem target: Neg pred: Neg
almıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
olamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
söylememe target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
örmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kabartmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bayılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
erdiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
istemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
duymazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadık target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
doğmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmazsam target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmemeyi target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımamış target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
satmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
yemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
içmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
görmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
içmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
yıkmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünemez target: Neg pred: Neg
umulmadık target: Neg pred: Neg
açamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
kırılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
veremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezdik target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
harcamama target: Neg pred: Neg
duyulmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
istememiş target: Neg pred: Neg
veremiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadıkça target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyişi target: Neg pred: Neg
duymuyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
görmüyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımayabilir target: Neg pred: Neg
ekleyemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
gönderilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
edemiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılaşmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
algılayamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlayamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sınamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
açamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanmadıysa target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadıysanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaştıramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
atayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
yönetilemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
içermemelidir target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydedilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleşmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
şifrelenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmadığına target: Neg pred: Neg
yenilenemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
okuyamıyordur target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmadıkça target: Neg pred: Neg
çözümlenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
eklenmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadıkça target: Neg pred: Neg
takmadıysanız target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturulamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
taşıyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmemem target: Neg pred: Neg
depolanmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
bozmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilenmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
belirtmedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatılmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
döndürülmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
azaltmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
alınamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
içermeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
istemedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyecektik target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
oynanmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
sönmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayacaktım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanlardan target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
aksatmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
dolaşmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirilemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalarının target: Neg pred: Neg
engelleyemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayanlara target: Neg pred: Neg
koruyamamışız target: Neg pred: Neg
onaylatmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
durmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılaşacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
uyguladıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlatmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
duygulanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
güleceklerini target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüşlerini target: Pos pred: Pos
geliştirmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlayacaktır target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyecektir target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyecekler target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlatırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
kastediyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
unutacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdürenlerin target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratabilirse target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretebilirse target: Pos pred: Pos
izleyicilerin target: Pos pred: Pos
güvenebilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
söylüyordunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
yanılabilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
püslenecektim target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirmişlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterdiğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
geleceklerdir target: Pos pred: Pos
götüreceğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışların target: Pos pred: Pos
ayıracaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyecektim target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenebilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
düşürdüğünüzü target: Pos pred: Pos
davrandığının target: Pos pred: Pos
kavuşturdunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
evlendirmenin target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
bilmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yanılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeni target: Neg pred: Neg
benzemez target: Neg pred: Neg
dönülmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
duymamış target: Neg pred: Neg
basmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmem target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmam target: Neg pred: Neg
görmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kesmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
geçilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
varmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
basmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeyi target: Neg pred: Neg
koşmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
durmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
unutamam target: Neg pred: Neg
edemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmam target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamama target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemem target: Neg pred: Neg
darılmam target: Neg pred: Neg
varmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yakışmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazmış target: Neg pred: Neg
istemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmez target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
vuramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
istenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
vermedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bulanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
vermesin target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmem target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
takmadın target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmam target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadı target: Neg pred: Neg
demezler target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
unutamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
doymasın target: Neg pred: Neg
duymuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
edemesem target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
görmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
girmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
açmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
biçilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmadın target: Neg pred: Neg
girmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
değmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
olamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yatmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
gülmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayışı target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
açmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
okumamış target: Neg pred: Neg
sevilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
duyulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
açılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
göremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
edilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
imzalanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmüyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
karışmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
feshedilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmemesidir target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyeceğin target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamalısın target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
bilinmemekle target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenilemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
başlayamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çevirmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
çevirmedimse target: Neg pred: Neg
saklayamadık target: Neg pred: Neg
şaşmamalıyım target: Neg pred: Neg
yanılmamışım target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
tartamamışım target: Neg pred: Neg
oturamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
saklamayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
saldıramazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
benzemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmüyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yeltenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
beslemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
yanılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
gizleyememiş target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
görememiştik target: Neg pred: Neg
gözükmüyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kovmamalıydı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yadırgamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
yıkılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
boylamamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
götürmememiz target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
başlayamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlamıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmüyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsedilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamazmış target: Neg pred: Neg
işlemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
atamayacağız target: Neg pred: Neg
edemedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
tartışamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalarına target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkışmazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
söylememişti target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunulmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
söyletmezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemesinden target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmamanızı target: Neg pred: Neg
tasalanmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
yanaşamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
kovmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
ayıramıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
bilememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
uyandırmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
girmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
dağıtılmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
görmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığımızı target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
doyamıyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yetişmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
gözükmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
duyulmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmüyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
içmiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunulmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
geçiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
olmasaydınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
aktarmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığınızı target: Neg pred: Neg
görüşmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
aşmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
vermedi target: Neg pred: Neg
istemem target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
dilemem target: Neg pred: Neg
koymadı target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
dememem target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamam target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
ekmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
üzmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
almadım target: Neg pred: Neg
istemez target: Neg pred: Neg
bozmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
etmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamam target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemem target: Neg pred: Neg
satamam target: Neg pred: Neg
oturmam target: Neg pred: Neg
görmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
kıyamam target: Neg pred: Neg
durmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
olmasam target: Neg pred: Neg
atmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
girmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
inmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
çarpmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
almamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmam target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmedin target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmama target: Neg pred: Neg
sürtmem target: Neg pred: Neg
etmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamam target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamam target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmam target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemem target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
açmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
diyemem target: Neg pred: Neg
uyumadı target: Neg pred: Neg
ödememe target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemez target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmama target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
almayan target: Neg pred: Neg
üzmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
uymuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
duramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
duramam target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemem target: Neg pred: Neg
atanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
içermez target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
giremez target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
sökemez target: Neg pred: Neg
önermez target: Neg pred: Neg
göremez target: Neg pred: Neg
uymayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
atmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
edememe target: Neg pred: Neg
üretmez target: Neg pred: Neg
içmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
demiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
aşmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
uymamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatan target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkardı target: Pos pred: Pos
çekilen target: Pos pred: Pos
azalışı target: Pos pred: Pos
artışla target: Pos pred: Pos
olmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
olurken target: Pos pred: Pos
veriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanınan target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacak target: Pos pred: Pos
akacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
verince target: Pos pred: Pos
arttığı target: Pos pred: Pos
kalacak target: Pos pred: Pos
bulundu target: Pos pred: Pos
verdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptığı target: Pos pred: Pos
edemez target: Neg pred: Neg
etmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
edemem target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemez target: Neg pred: Neg
duymaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmem target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmez target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmez target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
susmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
görmez target: Neg pred: Neg
almadı target: Neg pred: Neg
duymam target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmem target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmem target: Neg pred: Neg
sığmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sezmez target: Neg pred: Neg
dövmez target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
değmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmama target: Neg pred: Neg
soymam target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmem target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
koymaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmez target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmez target: Neg pred: Neg
girmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmam target: Neg pred: Neg
üzemem target: Neg pred: Neg
vermez target: Neg pred: Neg
silmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
alamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sunmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almama target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
aşmama target: Neg pred: Neg
açılan target: Pos pred: Pos
ödendi target: Pos pred: Pos
olarak target: Pos pred: Pos
satmak target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
açtığı target: Pos pred: Pos
edildi target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüm target: Pos pred: Pos
görmek target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmış target: Pos pred: Pos
etmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmek target: Pos pred: Pos
okşadı target: Pos pred: Pos
oturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
uçuşup target: Pos pred: Pos
bilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
ederek target: Pos pred: Pos
sevdik target: Pos pred: Pos
ederdi target: Pos pred: Pos
eğilip target: Pos pred: Pos
unutma target: Pos pred: Pos
ederim target: Pos pred: Pos
olurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
kalmış target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmak target: Pos pred: Pos
olacak target: Pos pred: Pos
edecek target: Pos pred: Pos
sermek target: Pos pred: Pos
olursa target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülen target: Pos pred: Pos
överiz target: Pos pred: Pos
bozmak target: Pos pred: Pos
vermen target: Pos pred: Pos
olmanı target: Pos pred: Pos
oturup target: Pos pred: Pos
gittim target: Pos pred: Pos
doğmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptın target: Pos pred: Pos
olmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
sordum target: Pos pred: Pos
bakmak target: Pos pred: Pos
derken target: Pos pred: Pos
zorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
etmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
almaya target: Pos pred: Pos
silkti target: Pos pred: Pos
dediği target: Pos pred: Pos
boşver target: Pos pred: Pos
girmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
oturan target: Pos pred: Pos
bulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
olmalı target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
öpüşür target: Pos pred: Pos
geçtim target: Pos pred: Pos
olması target: Pos pred: Pos
sokmak target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmek target: Pos pred: Pos
uyardı target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkar target: Pos pred: Pos
açmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyor target: Pos pred: Pos
duydum target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdü target: Pos pred: Pos
başlar target: Pos pred: Pos
uyumak target: Pos pred: Pos
demeli target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktım target: Pos pred: Pos
baktım target: Pos pred: Pos
versem target: Pos pred: Pos
ölürüm target: Pos pred: Pos
etmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
dikmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkan target: Pos pred: Pos
etmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
girmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
olamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
istememesi target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
göndermedi target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermedi target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmasaydı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmamam target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
almadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
istemezsen target: Neg pred: Neg
binmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
tanınmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemezse target: Neg pred: Neg
edemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
taranmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemiştin target: Neg pred: Neg
yanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
işlenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
karışmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
çekinmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
yollamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
veremezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
koymadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
atamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
durmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmüyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemeyip target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
neşelenmem target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
vermiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
duymuyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
dinmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
sormamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
girmeseydi target: Neg pred: Neg
girmemekle target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
yanılmayız target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
almamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
zaptedemez target: Neg pred: Neg
uzlaşamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
vermediler target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
duymamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
evlenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemesin target: Neg pred: Neg
görmüyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
vermedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
taşımadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
veremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
çürütmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
erişilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
koymamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
silinmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
istenmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
engellemez target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kavramayın target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çevirmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanlar target: Neg pred: Neg
saptanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanınmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
eşleşmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
gizlenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
sıralanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
dolmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görmüyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
erişemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
içermemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
takılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
gidermezse target: Neg pred: Neg
silmemeniz target: Neg pred: Neg
eşleşmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
eşitlenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
depolanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
duymuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmamam target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
edemediler target: Neg pred: Neg
edilemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
durmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmediler target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
edemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkıvermez target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
dinleyemem target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
ayıramıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bitiremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsedemem target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemem target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmamam target: Neg pred: Neg
durmuyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığına target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
öğütlememe target: Neg pred: Neg
kollayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
uzatmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
emretmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
toslamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
yetemezmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yetişmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
girmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
saplamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
yanılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
katlanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
sataşmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkışmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmesinler target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kurmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
kalamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
bilinmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
tanışmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yakışmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
darılmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmemekle target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
yakışmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
almıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
gülmediler target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
uyutmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
erimemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
edememişti target: Neg pred: Neg
beklenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
olmasaydım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
şaşırmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
edilemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
bakılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmasa target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmuyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
alışmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
alıkoyamam target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemişse target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
büyütmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeseydi target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmedin target: Neg pred: Neg
ermemiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadıklarının target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmadığının target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenememişler target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
beklenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırılmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyorlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
arttırılmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
ilgileneceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
dolandırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kederlendiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
kıyasladığımda target: Pos pred: Pos
hayıflanıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılaşmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
tinselleştirir target: Pos pred: Pos
mırıldanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
sabitlediğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündürüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
çalkalandığını target: Pos pred: Pos
kandırıldığını target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
hazırlanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
rastlayacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediklerine target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
ayıplayacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
canlandırdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
kandıracakları target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirivermenin target: Pos pred: Pos
batırdıklarını target: Pos pred: Pos
büyülüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
peltekleşmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
kapaklanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşuyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunuyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündüklerimi target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırdıklarını target: Pos pred: Pos
açıklıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
heyecanlanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
hiddetlendirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
beklenebilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
ilerliyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
sakinleşebildi target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıştırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
parçalayıverir target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratılışından target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışlarındaki target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaşmalarda target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışlarını target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşuyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
hissediyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bulanıklaştı target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
vurguluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğimizde target: Pos pred: Pos
faydalanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
evlendirmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
sonuçlanırsa target: Pos pred: Pos
hazırlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
davranıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
isteyenlerle target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırdığı target: Pos pred: Pos
dolduruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
gözetleyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
duyacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteriyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışlarında target: Pos pred: Pos
bulacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsediyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
geçinirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
isteseydiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvarıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
duygulandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
seyrediyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakıyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırladıkça target: Pos pred: Pos
sokacaklardı target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
soruyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
ayırmıştınız target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybolduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
koyacağınızı target: Pos pred: Pos
sanıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunduğunun target: Pos pred: Pos
çekiyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
körükleyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğimden target: Pos pred: Pos
çatırdatacak target: Pos pred: Pos
vereceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
kötülüyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
kazıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyeceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
buluyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
suçlayabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
şakıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
görüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
karşıladınız target: Pos pred: Pos
bağışlıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
dikecektiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
gidiyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
anlıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
edeceklerdir target: Pos pred: Pos
verebilirler target: Pos pred: Pos
giriyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
duygulanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
koşturuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hesaplamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
geleceklerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
reddedilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yükseliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırtıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlatıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
saldıracaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıştırmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
sertleştirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
seyretmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
durdurabildi target: Pos pred: Pos
dizginlemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
hissetmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştığını target: Pos pred: Pos
dikildiğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaştırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
öfkelenmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
homurdanınca target: Pos pred: Pos
paylaşsınlar target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlayacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
faydalanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sevdiklerini target: Pos pred: Pos
kastetmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
istememiştiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
yorulmadınızsa target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
reddetmezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemeyecektir target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
hesaplayamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklayamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
dokundurtmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
uzaklaşmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmemiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayacağımı target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemelisin target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
çaktırmasınlar target: Neg pred: Neg
veremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
giremeyişinden target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyeceksin target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacaksanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çalamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıştırılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
endişelenmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
kestiremiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
şüphelenmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
anımsamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülmüyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanmamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılaşmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
söndürmemiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
paketlememişti target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyişinizin target: Neg pred: Neg
toparlayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
zorlaştırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmazlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
bitiremezlerdi target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmazdınız target: Neg pred: Neg
geçiremediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gönderemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gerektirmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleşmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
takılmayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
engellenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydolamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
deneyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
gideremezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntüleyemez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığınızdan target: Neg pred: Neg
içermeyecektir target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
taşıyamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yazdırılamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
gönderilemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkaramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybolmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
yerleştirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmadığında target: Neg pred: Neg
ekleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacağından target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydedemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmemektedir target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadığınızda target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlanmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulanamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulanamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleşmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
göremeyecektir target: Neg pred: Neg
iyileştirmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gönderemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
içermediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
çözümlenemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çözümleyemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
işleyemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmadığında target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
eşitlenmemişse target: Neg pred: Neg
içermeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
anlattığın target: Pos pred: Pos
mahvediyor target: Pos pred: Pos
adayacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
titriyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
şereflenir target: Pos pred: Pos
görünmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
beklediler target: Pos pred: Pos
başladılar target: Pos pred: Pos
küfretmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
oturuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
çizilmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündükçe target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişinden target: Pos pred: Pos
başlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yayıldıkça target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmanın target: Pos pred: Pos
umursadığı target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyelim target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
dalarlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsetmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
uçarcasına target: Pos pred: Pos
inanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bürünmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
korktuğuna target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekirken target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenirsek target: Pos pred: Pos
giderseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
sandığınız target: Pos pred: Pos
verecekler target: Pos pred: Pos
anlarsınız target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktığınız target: Pos pred: Pos
dinleyeyim target: Pos pred: Pos
zorlayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıştırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
eğlendiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
gevşemişti target: Pos pred: Pos
duyacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
övülmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
diyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırladın target: Pos pred: Pos
mırıldanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yutkunarak target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyeyim target: Pos pred: Pos
söylüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
çevirirken target: Pos pred: Pos
çarpıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırladım target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışlarla target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunuza target: Pos pred: Pos
unutmuştum target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
kazanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunuzu target: Pos pred: Pos
ihtiyarlar target: Pos pred: Pos
söylüyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsedecek target: Pos pred: Pos
gevşiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
umduğundan target: Pos pred: Pos
hissediyor target: Pos pred: Pos
baktığının target: Pos pred: Pos
parlayacak target: Pos pred: Pos
başlıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
tekrarladı target: Pos pred: Pos
dinlediniz target: Pos pred: Pos
eziliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
titremeyle target: Pos pred: Pos
oynadığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişinize target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsetmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
dilemekten target: Pos pred: Pos
göstererek target: Pos pred: Pos
vuruldunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlayın target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
dinlemekle target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçirip target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
batırdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
göstereyim target: Pos pred: Pos
başvurayım target: Pos pred: Pos
olsaydınız target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmekle target: Pos pred: Pos
homurdandı target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmeyle target: Pos pred: Pos
hesaplardı target: Pos pred: Pos
sorarsanız target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
anladığıma target: Pos pred: Pos
kamaştıran target: Pos pred: Pos
kıpırdattı target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
saydıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
doğrularak target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrettiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
korkuyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
parlıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ayıplamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
hırpalayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
silkinerek target: Pos pred: Pos
yayarlarsa target: Pos pred: Pos
götürürken target: Pos pred: Pos
dinleyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
kovalarken target: Pos pred: Pos
okuyucular target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendiler target: Pos pred: Pos
götürmekti target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmeler target: Pos pred: Pos
göstermeli target: Pos pred: Pos
basmalıydı target: Pos pred: Pos
uğratmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kıvırtması target: Pos pred: Pos
denetleyen target: Pos pred: Pos
korumasına target: Pos pred: Pos
onaylamamam target: Neg pred: Neg
sinirlenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
yanıltmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
çekemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
beklenmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlatmam target: Neg pred: Neg
duramıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bildirmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
demeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
vermiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
sataşmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmiyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
sevememişti target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
acımamışlar target: Neg pred: Neg
duramayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
beklenmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
esirgemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
göremeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
atamazlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
atılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
satmamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
vuramamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
yiyemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
gülemediler target: Neg pred: Neg
iliklemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
durmamıştık target: Neg pred: Neg
alamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlememeye target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmamamı target: Neg pred: Neg
söylememeye target: Neg pred: Neg
kopartmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
sergilemese target: Neg pred: Neg
benimsemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
alışmadıkça target: Neg pred: Neg
azarlamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
edemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
görmüyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
öldürmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırmam target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezlerdi target: Neg pred: Neg
beklememesi target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
inandıramam target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmuyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfedemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
çağırtmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
koymadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
zannetmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
çaktırmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
lekelememek target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmasınlar target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyerek target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
bitiremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
içemeseydim target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmamamı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
satmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
evlenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
utanmadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelememişti target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
önleyemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kımıldamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
isteyemezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakılamayacağından target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkaramayacağınızdan target: Neg pred: Neg
görüştürülmeyenlerin target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntüleyemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
etkinleştirilmedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
dönüştürülemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
etkinleştirilmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanamayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendiremediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
güçlendirmeyeceğidir target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılaştırılmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
heyecanlandırmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılandırılmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyebileceklerimden target: Pos pred: Pos
içmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yemekte target: Pos pred: Pos
cıvıttı target: Pos pred: Pos
yiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
duymaya target: Pos pred: Pos
tutması target: Pos pred: Pos
gelerek target: Pos pred: Pos
yapayım target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünün target: Pos pred: Pos
etmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılır target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkayım target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatın target: Pos pred: Pos
giderdi target: Pos pred: Pos
dikildi target: Pos pred: Pos
gülelim target: Pos pred: Pos
basarak target: Pos pred: Pos
bölmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
sokulup target: Pos pred: Pos
varması target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bulandı target: Pos pred: Pos
dayayın target: Pos pred: Pos
isteyen target: Pos pred: Pos
süzerek target: Pos pred: Pos
kopacak target: Pos pred: Pos
çalsana target: Pos pred: Pos
evlendi target: Pos pred: Pos
severim target: Pos pred: Pos
okumaya target: Pos pred: Pos
çökmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
bitince target: Pos pred: Pos
öperken target: Pos pred: Pos
karışın target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayan target: Pos pred: Pos
koşarım target: Pos pred: Pos
gelirim target: Pos pred: Pos
olurdum target: Pos pred: Pos
koşuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
getirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
durarak target: Pos pred: Pos
vermeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
alırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
çevirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
zorladı target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçarak target: Pos pred: Pos
bakalım target: Pos pred: Pos
tıkanan target: Pos pred: Pos
parladı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçerek target: Pos pred: Pos
buruştu target: Pos pred: Pos
dediniz target: Pos pred: Pos
görünce target: Pos pred: Pos
darılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
köpürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
verecek target: Pos pred: Pos
kavradı target: Pos pred: Pos
fırladı target: Pos pred: Pos
kınayın target: Pos pred: Pos
anlattı target: Pos pred: Pos
seviyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
işitmek target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşur target: Pos pred: Pos
kalışım target: Pos pred: Pos
daldığı target: Pos pred: Pos
konacak target: Pos pred: Pos
olacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
seçecek target: Pos pred: Pos
duyarak target: Pos pred: Pos
düştüğü target: Pos pred: Pos
sokacak target: Pos pred: Pos
sürerek target: Pos pred: Pos
kapıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmeli target: Pos pred: Pos
diyeyim target: Pos pred: Pos
sevmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
koyarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yaparız target: Pos pred: Pos
kapadım target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarım target: Pos pred: Pos
görülür target: Pos pred: Pos
tutarak target: Pos pred: Pos
olursun target: Pos pred: Pos
bakacak target: Pos pred: Pos
koyacak target: Pos pred: Pos
inanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekir target: Pos pred: Pos
dökerek target: Pos pred: Pos
yapalım target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirin target: Pos pred: Pos
dikerek target: Pos pred: Pos
vermeye target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yapışır target: Pos pred: Pos
yarasın target: Pos pred: Pos
gideriz target: Pos pred: Pos
giyindi target: Pos pred: Pos
hıçkıra target: Pos pred: Pos
yolmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
koyuldu target: Pos pred: Pos
sıkışsa target: Pos pred: Pos
vererek target: Pos pred: Pos
gelirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
sayardı target: Pos pred: Pos
duyması target: Pos pred: Pos
dalarak target: Pos pred: Pos
kesmeni target: Pos pred: Pos
gelirse target: Pos pred: Pos
dediler target: Pos pred: Pos
yakışır target: Pos pred: Pos
kokuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
koşuşan target: Pos pred: Pos
yöneten target: Pos pred: Pos
serilen target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bağladı target: Pos pred: Pos
katıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yığıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
dikilip target: Pos pred: Pos
nişanlanmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmayacakları target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
koymayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
erdiremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediklerinden target: Neg pred: Neg
kaynaklanmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çektirmemişlerdi target: Neg pred: Neg
engelleyemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yaklaşmıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilememelerinden target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
evlenemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gösteremedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyeceğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
birleştiremezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayabilirdim target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediklerinden target: Neg pred: Neg
olgunlaşmadığına target: Neg pred: Neg
yaralanmayacaktı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
engelleyemeyerek target: Neg pred: Neg
aydınlanmamışken target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
göremeyeceksiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmiyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
görüştürülmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayabilirsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yükleyemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
gerektirmediğine target: Neg pred: Neg
şifrelenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
listelenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
dönüştürülemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
düzenleyemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
yapıştıramıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
sıralayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
kopyalayamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gruplandırılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
amaçlamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
depolayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydedilemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadıysanız target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatılmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanamadığında target: Neg pred: Neg
tamamlanmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
etkinleştirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydedilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydetmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yetiştiremiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmeyeceklerdir target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirilen target: Pos pred: Pos
nişanlandığından target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündüklerinden target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenebilirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
gizleyebiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kıyaslanabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
bakabileceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştuklarımızı target: Pos pred: Pos
çatırdatırcasına target: Pos pred: Pos
götürdüklerinden target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştıklarında target: Pos pred: Pos
korunmak target: Pos pred: Pos
korumaya target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
görülmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
kalmakta target: Pos pred: Pos
dürtüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
azıttığı target: Pos pred: Pos
dayanmak target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıması target: Pos pred: Pos
tartmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
geliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğim target: Pos pred: Pos
bulacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
sevdiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
söylemeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
sorabilme target: Pos pred: Pos
seviyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumda target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdığın target: Pos pred: Pos
unutturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğumuz target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunarak target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
koyabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
oynayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
vermiştir target: Pos pred: Pos
etmelisin target: Pos pred: Pos
almalısın target: Pos pred: Pos
olacaksın target: Pos pred: Pos
bayılırım target: Pos pred: Pos
koyulaştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşarak target: Pos pred: Pos
duyduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
yedikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
olacaktın target: Pos pred: Pos
vereceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
attığında target: Pos pred: Pos
geçiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
olacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
dayanılır target: Pos pred: Pos
kötüleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
okuduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
kalabilen target: Pos pred: Pos
erdiğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
diliyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
izlediğim target: Pos pred: Pos
çekiciydi target: Pos pred: Pos
veriyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmişken target: Pos pred: Pos
denemişti target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
arayanlar target: Pos pred: Pos
basacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatılan target: Pos pred: Pos
düşürülüp target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarmak target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekirse target: Pos pred: Pos
dövüşmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
olacaktır target: Pos pred: Pos
söylemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
gidiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yuvarladı target: Pos pred: Pos
uğruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkarken target: Pos pred: Pos
bozularak target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatayım target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmiştir target: Pos pred: Pos
saydığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
duyduğumu target: Pos pred: Pos
getirerek target: Pos pred: Pos
gidiyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
dinlediği target: Pos pred: Pos
geldikten target: Pos pred: Pos
gideceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
ağırlaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
anlıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
alevlendi target: Pos pred: Pos
güldürmek target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkasaydı target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
süzüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
duymuştum target: Pos pred: Pos
başlarken target: Pos pred: Pos
işliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediği target: Pos pred: Pos
canlanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlamaklı target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterene target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyoruz target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
okumuştum target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırtıcı target: Pos pred: Pos
söylerdik target: Pos pred: Pos
tıkanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
boğularak target: Pos pred: Pos
körükledi target: Pos pred: Pos
edebilsem target: Pos pred: Pos
kucakladı target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdığım target: Pos pred: Pos
veriyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
kılıcınız target: Pos pred: Pos
göndermek target: Pos pred: Pos
sereceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmiştim target: Pos pred: Pos
uğratacak target: Pos pred: Pos
bakacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
götüreyim target: Pos pred: Pos
yatırırım target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
gerileyen target: Pos pred: Pos
suçlamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayınca target: Pos pred: Pos
saklamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
paylaşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
diyeceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
çekilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
uyumamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmez target: Neg pred: Neg
eklenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
denenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
silmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
kurulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
silinmez target: Neg pred: Neg
okuyamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatmam target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sıkmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
atanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
karışmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yazılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
alınamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bozulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çözmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
sığmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemek target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bükmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
girmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
korunmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülmez target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirmem target: Neg pred: Neg
kıramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
uymaması target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bilinmez target: Neg pred: Neg
dolmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmememi target: Neg pred: Neg
sürmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
vermiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
sormayın target: Neg pred: Neg
bozmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
girmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
edemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
almaması target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmesem target: Neg pred: Neg
gözlendi target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklenen target: Pos pred: Pos
düzeltti target: Pos pred: Pos
azalışla target: Pos pred: Pos
geriledi target: Pos pred: Pos
gerileme target: Pos pred: Pos
azalarak target: Pos pred: Pos
akmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlayan target: Pos pred: Pos
ediliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdığı target: Pos pred: Pos
bildirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
açıklama target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
başlayan target: Pos pred: Pos
büyürken target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlanan target: Pos pred: Pos
ulaştığı target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğuna target: Pos pred: Pos
olsaydım target: Pos pred: Pos
yapardım target: Pos pred: Pos
sevdiğin target: Pos pred: Pos
bindiler target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
dolanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
dururken target: Pos pred: Pos
oynarken target: Pos pred: Pos
verilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarmış target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvarış target: Pos pred: Pos
döndürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
çatmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
haykırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
söylüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
verdimse target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterdi target: Pos pred: Pos
uğurlama target: Pos pred: Pos
hissetti target: Pos pred: Pos
katılmak target: Pos pred: Pos
bekleyen target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmek target: Pos pred: Pos
silkindi target: Pos pred: Pos
söyledim target: Pos pred: Pos
davranış target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
söylemen target: Pos pred: Pos
çizdiğin target: Pos pred: Pos
ısırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
bilirsin target: Pos pred: Pos
eklerler target: Pos pred: Pos
kalırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
olacaksa target: Pos pred: Pos
edeceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
aradığım target: Pos pred: Pos
söyledin target: Pos pred: Pos
koymuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
giyindim target: Pos pred: Pos
getiremezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamazdınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bastıramadım target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
kovamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
erişilemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemesidir target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülemez target: Neg pred: Neg
göremezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
sıfırlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtarılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
erişemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
seçemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
içermediğine target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadıysanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmuyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
sonlandırmam target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
silemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybolmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
belirlenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
göremezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenemezse target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmüyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
sıfırlayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
şifrelenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
istemezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
kesemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
içermemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamaktadır target: Neg pred: Neg
izleyemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
dönüştüremez target: Neg pred: Neg
aktarılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
hizalanmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gizlenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
çevrilemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanların target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
iletilemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gönderilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
sıralanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
taşıyamazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
eklenmedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
başlatılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
düzenlenemez target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemektedir target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
takmayanlara target: Neg pred: Neg
kopmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
seyretmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
kestiremeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramayan target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
veremezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremem target: Neg pred: Neg
kestiremiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmeseydi target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkartamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
tanışmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfetmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
taşımadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarılmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
belirlendiği target: Pos pred: Pos
belirtiliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
suçlamalarda target: Pos pred: Pos
tiksiniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kayboluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
göründüğünde target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirilseler target: Pos pred: Pos
yapabileceği target: Pos pred: Pos
evlenecektir target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptıklarına target: Pos pred: Pos
güvendiğimiz target: Pos pred: Pos
tokalaşırken target: Pos pred: Pos
otururlarken target: Pos pred: Pos
göreceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
hissediyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
sinirlenecek target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
fısıldadılar target: Pos pred: Pos
düşüneceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
yerleştirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
böbürlenerek target: Pos pred: Pos
gerektiriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratıyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
hoşlanıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanmadıklarıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
damlamayacaklarına target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıştırılmamıştık target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenemeyecektiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamayacaksınız target: Neg pred: Neg
işaretlemediyseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
biçimlendirmedikçe target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
etkinleştirilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
yayınlanmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamayabilir target: Neg pred: Neg
gideremeyeceksiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayacaksanız target: Neg pred: Neg
yerleştiremezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülemeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
göremeyebilirsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyebilirsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeyeceklerinden target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirilmediğine target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirmekteki target: Pos pred: Pos
kararlaştırılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kararlaştırdığımız target: Pos pred: Pos
değiştirmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemeyeceğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
telaşlanmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
kıpırdatamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yararlanamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
tamamlayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakılmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
genişletemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamıyordur target: Neg pred: Neg
duymayacağınızdan target: Neg pred: Neg
düzenleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
yükseltmediğinize target: Neg pred: Neg
yararlanamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
biçimlendirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yönetemediğinizde target: Neg pred: Neg
kaydedemiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çakışmayacağından target: Neg pred: Neg
çalıştıramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılandırılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
gerektirmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
temizleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
ilişkilendirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
belirleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
başlayamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
sürükleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
boyutlandırılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
adlandıramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
çalıştırılmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılandırılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
denenmeyeceğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımlayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
toparlayamıyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
sabırsızlanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
suçlayabilirsiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
gülen target: Pos pred: Pos
sayar target: Pos pred: Pos
etmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
daldı target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıp target: Pos pred: Pos
bastı target: Pos pred: Pos
üşüme target: Pos pred: Pos
bozdu target: Pos pred: Pos
kopsa target: Pos pred: Pos
duyar target: Pos pred: Pos
koşan target: Pos pred: Pos
dedim target: Pos pred: Pos
ettin target: Pos pred: Pos
çöken target: Pos pred: Pos
tutup target: Pos pred: Pos
sandı target: Pos pred: Pos
diyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yanan target: Pos pred: Pos
girip target: Pos pred: Pos
bulup target: Pos pred: Pos
koşup target: Pos pred: Pos
almış target: Pos pred: Pos
kırış target: Pos pred: Pos
gören target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkan target: Pos pred: Pos
saran target: Pos pred: Pos
girme target: Pos pred: Pos
aradı target: Pos pred: Pos
yattı target: Pos pred: Pos
kalsa target: Pos pred: Pos
sayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
üzmek target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvaran target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptınız target: Pos pred: Pos
anlattım target: Pos pred: Pos
eğilerek target: Pos pred: Pos
yollamak target: Pos pred: Pos
duymuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
çiğneyip target: Pos pred: Pos
verdiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
vardınız target: Pos pred: Pos
sordunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
saklamak target: Pos pred: Pos
olabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
diyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
olmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğüm target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendim target: Pos pred: Pos
edebildi target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
ettirene target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
küçümser target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraştım target: Pos pred: Pos
acıdığım target: Pos pred: Pos
götürdüm target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlarken target: Pos pred: Pos
işlediği target: Pos pred: Pos
seyreden target: Pos pred: Pos
severdim target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
hesaplar target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
dinliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
konuldum target: Pos pred: Pos
kurmanın target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşarken target: Pos pred: Pos
sanmanın target: Pos pred: Pos
darıltıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ayırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
eğiyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
dayanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışını target: Pos pred: Pos
söylesem target: Pos pred: Pos
uçuştuğu target: Pos pred: Pos
başlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
ulaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
daldırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
sevdiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarın target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
kaynayan target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıtmak target: Pos pred: Pos
kazanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
duydunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
çarparak target: Pos pred: Pos
söylendi target: Pos pred: Pos
mahvolur target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçer target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
yığılmış target: Pos pred: Pos
tutulmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
bozulmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
gidermek target: Pos pred: Pos
doğmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
etmiştik target: Pos pred: Pos
avutacak target: Pos pred: Pos
bulmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
edecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
etmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
gelişini target: Pos pred: Pos
aştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
durdurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
kararmış target: Pos pred: Pos
yanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
girerken target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlamış target: Pos pred: Pos
işitiriz target: Pos pred: Pos
esiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bindirip target: Pos pred: Pos
zannetti target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiler target: Pos pred: Pos
uzatarak target: Pos pred: Pos
kudurmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
hırlayan target: Pos pred: Pos
yakaladı target: Pos pred: Pos
korkacak target: Pos pred: Pos
hırlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
süzmekte target: Pos pred: Pos
alışmalı target: Pos pred: Pos
istemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenmek target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılmış target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
saldırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
kesmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
uyarmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
kabartıp target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybedip target: Pos pred: Pos
korumalı target: Pos pred: Pos
edildiği target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçip target: Pos pred: Pos
hırlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
seslendi target: Pos pred: Pos
benziyor target: Pos pred: Pos
başlarsa target: Pos pred: Pos
kalmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşmekle target: Pos pred: Pos
koşmakta target: Pos pred: Pos
durmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
iniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
atılmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yatmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
dürülmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
tırmanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
kıvrıldı target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırmış target: Pos pred: Pos
kabarttı target: Pos pred: Pos
onayladı target: Pos pred: Pos
göre target: Pos pred: Pos
olan target: Pos pred: Pos
indi target: Pos pred: Pos
etti target: Pos pred: Pos
olur target: Pos pred: Pos
öpüp target: Pos pred: Pos
itti target: Pos pred: Pos
aldı target: Pos pred: Pos
dedi target: Pos pred: Pos
öptü target: Pos pred: Pos
eden target: Pos pred: Pos
oldu target: Pos pred: Pos
olup target: Pos pred: Pos
eder target: Pos pred: Pos
alır target: Pos pred: Pos
atan target: Pos pred: Pos
alma target: Pos pred: Pos
edip target: Pos pred: Pos
içer target: Pos pred: Pos
edin target: Pos pred: Pos
olun target: Pos pred: Pos
ölen target: Pos pred: Pos
inip target: Pos pred: Pos
koşa target: Pos pred: Pos
olsa target: Pos pred: Pos
atar target: Pos pred: Pos
eğdi target: Pos pred: Pos
açtı target: Pos pred: Pos
doya target: Pos pred: Pos
attı target: Pos pred: Pos
inen target: Pos pred: Pos
gere target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybetmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
korkuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
çöreklenen target: Pos pred: Pos
olacakları target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışırken target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
sarılırken target: Pos pred: Pos
uyarıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
saldırdığı target: Pos pred: Pos
harcamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
oturakaldı target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğundan target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışta target: Pos pred: Pos
hırpalamak target: Pos pred: Pos
getireceğe target: Pos pred: Pos
kestirmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
çalıştıysa target: Pos pred: Pos
çarpışarak target: Pos pred: Pos
abanıverdi target: Pos pred: Pos
takılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
koşulurmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
yuvarlandı target: Pos pred: Pos
gerilmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
incinmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
yuvarlanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
saldırınca target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılanır target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
hırlayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yöneldiler target: Pos pred: Pos
kanıtlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
kolluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
korkulacak target: Pos pred: Pos
hortladığı target: Pos pred: Pos
alışabilme target: Pos pred: Pos
diklendiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşacak target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
unutulacak target: Pos pred: Pos
kaptırdığı target: Pos pred: Pos
getirmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
ise target: Pos pred: Pos
idi target: Pos pred: Pos
acı target: Pos pred: Pos
kal target: Pos pred: Pos
gel target: Pos pred: Pos
bak target: Pos pred: Pos
yor target: Pos pred: Pos
süz target: Pos pred: Pos
yet target: Pos pred: Pos
yat target: Pos pred: Pos
koş target: Pos pred: Pos
almayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
tartışmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilendirmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
evlenmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kandıramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemediğinizi target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmamışsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmadığımızı target: Neg pred: Neg
gücendirmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
hissedemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
dönmeyeceğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
sinirlenmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
aydınlatmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmezlerse target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalayamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmamışımdır target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
uğraşmıyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
yanaşmayacağımı target: Neg pred: Neg
hastalanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklayamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
benzememesinden target: Neg pred: Neg
verememişçesine target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmıyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediğinizi target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
zaptedemiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
kabullenmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
planlamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bağlanmayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
onarılmayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
alınamamasından target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
düzeltemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmamaktaydı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılandıramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
erişemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
güncelleştirmem target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
sınırlanmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kopyalamamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
yönetmiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtaramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
kopyalanmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
desteklemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
dolduramazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
belirtilmemişse target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapıştırılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bozmayacağından target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
eklenmediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
sıkıştırılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yüklemediyseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğinizde target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyeceğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
tıklatmadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntülenmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
zamanlanmamışsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
çalıştırmamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
engellemezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
daraltamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
hissettirmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırtmadıysanız target: Neg pred: Neg
dışlanmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamayabilir target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmamaktadır target: Neg pred: Neg
yakışmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanabileceği target: Pos pred: Pos
koşturuyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
sürebilecekleri target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediklerinin target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiriyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
canlandırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
inandıklarından target: Pos pred: Pos
mahvediyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
heyecanlanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
gezdiriyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkışıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçirdiğimin target: Pos pred: Pos
affettireceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
söyledikleriniz target: Pos pred: Pos
seyrediyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyeceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediklerimin target: Pos pred: Pos
kayboluvermişti target: Pos pred: Pos
sarılabileceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
tekrarlanmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
kıyaslandığında target: Pos pred: Pos
paylaşıyorlarsa target: Pos pred: Pos
