al target: Pos pred: Pos
ol target: Pos pred: Pos
der target: Pos pred: Pos
bur target: Pos pred: Pos
bul target: Pos pred: Pos
sat target: Pos pred: Pos
ver target: Pos pred: Pos
çık target: Pos pred: Pos
yap target: Pos pred: Pos
dur target: Pos pred: Pos
uçtu target: Pos pred: Pos
uçup target: Pos pred: Pos
uçan target: Pos pred: Pos
açıp target: Pos pred: Pos
boşa target: Pos pred: Pos
itip target: Pos pred: Pos
otur target: Pos pred: Pos
alıp target: Pos pred: Pos
ezip target: Pos pred: Pos
atın target: Pos pred: Pos
ören target: Pos pred: Pos
alın target: Pos pred: Pos
kalk target: Pos pred: Pos
etse target: Pos pred: Pos
üzüp target: Pos pred: Pos
imiş target: Pos pred: Pos
uyur target: Pos pred: Pos
atıp target: Pos pred: Pos
basa target: Pos pred: Pos
ölür target: Pos pred: Pos
almam target: Neg pred: Neg
olmam target: Neg pred: Neg
kurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
giren target: Pos pred: Pos
görüp target: Pos pred: Pos
sorup target: Pos pred: Pos
çekip target: Pos pred: Pos
gitme target: Pos pred: Pos
bitip target: Pos pred: Pos
solup target: Pos pred: Pos
sorar target: Pos pred: Pos
çakan target: Pos pred: Pos
anlar target: Pos pred: Pos
girer target: Pos pred: Pos
gider target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçtı target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşar target: Pos pred: Pos
yetip target: Pos pred: Pos
yakar target: Pos pred: Pos
edici target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkma target: Pos pred: Pos
acıma target: Pos pred: Pos
susun target: Pos pred: Pos
bitti target: Pos pred: Pos
deyin target: Pos pred: Pos
uymak target: Pos pred: Pos
sürüp target: Pos pred: Pos
çekti target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
görür target: Pos pred: Pos
sağol target: Pos pred: Pos
kırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
döktü target: Pos pred: Pos
sürer target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçan target: Pos pred: Pos
kovdu target: Pos pred: Pos
dikti target: Pos pred: Pos
eğmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
seziş target: Pos pred: Pos
bozan target: Pos pred: Pos
yiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
ittim target: Pos pred: Pos
gelse target: Pos pred: Pos
satsa target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sapan target: Pos pred: Pos
vurur target: Pos pred: Pos
alsak target: Pos pred: Pos
durup target: Pos pred: Pos
gezdi target: Pos pred: Pos
düşen target: Pos pred: Pos
oluşu target: Pos pred: Pos
kurup target: Pos pred: Pos
derdi target: Pos pred: Pos
durma target: Pos pred: Pos
bulur target: Pos pred: Pos
azmış target: Pos pred: Pos
basıp target: Pos pred: Pos
zorla target: Pos pred: Pos
deyip target: Pos pred: Pos
dönüp target: Pos pred: Pos
durun target: Pos pred: Pos
buldu target: Pos pred: Pos
geçip target: Pos pred: Pos
vuran target: Pos pred: Pos
düşer target: Pos pred: Pos
yapın target: Pos pred: Pos
aldım target: Pos pred: Pos
ödedi target: Pos pred: Pos
böldü target: Pos pred: Pos
verse target: Pos pred: Pos
çatıp target: Pos pred: Pos
çeken target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüt target: Pos pred: Pos
çağır target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
indik target: Pos pred: Pos
bozmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmez target: Neg pred: Neg
takmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yutmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
basmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmam target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yummaz target: Neg pred: Neg
satmam target: Neg pred: Neg
atmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
takmam target: Neg pred: Neg
durmam target: Neg pred: Neg
dememe target: Neg pred: Neg
olamam target: Neg pred: Neg
doğmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yememe target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kesmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmez target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmam target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmez target: Neg pred: Neg
koşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
binmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yediği target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkıp target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
uzanan target: Pos pred: Pos
ederse target: Pos pred: Pos
uyması target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçmış target: Pos pred: Pos
atladı target: Pos pred: Pos
atmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
çarptı target: Pos pred: Pos
utanma target: Pos pred: Pos
ısırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
olurum target: Pos pred: Pos
oluştu target: Pos pred: Pos
bilsen target: Pos pred: Pos
sormak target: Pos pred: Pos
edilme target: Pos pred: Pos
doldum target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsan target: Pos pred: Pos
dönmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
boyadı target: Pos pred: Pos
durdum target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlama target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüm target: Pos pred: Pos
çarpan target: Pos pred: Pos
uzatıp target: Pos pred: Pos
olunca target: Pos pred: Pos
benzer target: Pos pred: Pos
gülsün target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvar target: Pos pred: Pos
sandım target: Pos pred: Pos
eğerek target: Pos pred: Pos
geldik target: Pos pred: Pos
aşınca target: Pos pred: Pos
kesmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
olalım target: Pos pred: Pos
atılan target: Pos pred: Pos
serpti target: Pos pred: Pos
atıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
uyurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
uzamış target: Pos pred: Pos
ezilip target: Pos pred: Pos
vurmak target: Pos pred: Pos
korktu target: Pos pred: Pos
geldin target: Pos pred: Pos
edelim target: Pos pred: Pos
durmak target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdı target: Pos pred: Pos
varmak target: Pos pred: Pos
bıkmış target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçtım target: Pos pred: Pos
oluyor target: Pos pred: Pos
soğudu target: Pos pred: Pos
kalktı target: Pos pred: Pos
yemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
sattık target: Pos pred: Pos
gittik target: Pos pred: Pos
verdik target: Pos pred: Pos
böldük target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptık target: Pos pred: Pos
almalı target: Pos pred: Pos
soluya target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
verdin target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdüm target: Pos pred: Pos
kısmış target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmak target: Pos pred: Pos
sapanı target: Pos pred: Pos
açacak target: Pos pred: Pos
evirip target: Pos pred: Pos
alırsa target: Pos pred: Pos
alırım target: Pos pred: Pos
dalmış target: Pos pred: Pos
gitsin target: Pos pred: Pos
asılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
biçici target: Pos pred: Pos
yormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
arayan target: Pos pred: Pos
uyuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
işitti target: Pos pred: Pos
unuttu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaşıdı target: Pos pred: Pos
vurmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
akacak target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşasa target: Pos pred: Pos
bulsam target: Pos pred: Pos
girdim target: Pos pred: Pos
gelene target: Pos pred: Pos
gidene target: Pos pred: Pos
buldum target: Pos pred: Pos
girdik target: Pos pred: Pos
edilen target: Pos pred: Pos
vermiş target: Pos pred: Pos
geldim target: Pos pred: Pos
uyanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
tuttum target: Pos pred: Pos
sersem target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktık target: Pos pred: Pos
ayırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sönmek target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yeteri target: Pos pred: Pos
verici target: Pos pred: Pos
dürttü target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşadı target: Pos pred: Pos
durduk target: Pos pred: Pos
sarkar target: Pos pred: Pos
yattım target: Pos pred: Pos
sorman target: Pos pred: Pos
sanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
duymak target: Pos pred: Pos
inmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
boğucu target: Pos pred: Pos
içilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yüzemez target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmam target: Neg pred: Neg
veremem target: Neg pred: Neg
sürmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
aramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
almazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
ödenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
etmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
demedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
veremez target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeme target: Neg pred: Neg
açmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yemedin target: Neg pred: Neg
izlemem target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
atmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yememiş target: Neg pred: Neg
okunmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
anmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
atlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
kopmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
demesin target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almayın target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamasa target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmesek target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadık target: Neg pred: Neg
içmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamam target: Neg pred: Neg
almadın target: Neg pred: Neg
uzanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamam target: Neg pred: Neg
biçemem target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
satamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
almazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
okşayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
sokmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşayan target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendi target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılan target: Pos pred: Pos
örülmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
anlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
anlamış target: Pos pred: Pos
kırılan target: Pos pred: Pos
eğitmek target: Pos pred: Pos
bilinen target: Pos pred: Pos
avlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
uyanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
yalanıp target: Pos pred: Pos
koparan target: Pos pred: Pos
yarılan target: Pos pred: Pos
çalıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yetişip target: Pos pred: Pos
almakla target: Pos pred: Pos
uyarmak target: Pos pred: Pos
yağladı target: Pos pred: Pos
dizdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yapması target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
dalmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
tatması target: Pos pred: Pos
dilerim target: Pos pred: Pos
varolan target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiği target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdık target: Pos pred: Pos
tanırım target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışta target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyan target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanışma target: Pos pred: Pos
alışmış target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğum target: Pos pred: Pos
korktum target: Pos pred: Pos
okuyucu target: Pos pred: Pos
yeterdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
kalmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiler target: Pos pred: Pos
büyüyen target: Pos pred: Pos
uğradık target: Pos pred: Pos
ederdim target: Pos pred: Pos
takılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gidecek target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdüm target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkmış target: Pos pred: Pos
sanmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
bürünür target: Pos pred: Pos
acınası target: Pos pred: Pos
solmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
dağılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gömüldü target: Pos pred: Pos
çekişti target: Pos pred: Pos
çekinen target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışan target: Pos pred: Pos
yöneldi target: Pos pred: Pos
atıldım target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktı target: Pos pred: Pos
ekledim target: Pos pred: Pos
süzüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
titreme target: Pos pred: Pos
ötesini target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
dururum target: Pos pred: Pos
geçiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
istedim target: Pos pred: Pos
dilerse target: Pos pred: Pos
denemiş target: Pos pred: Pos
yettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
diyelim target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümek target: Pos pred: Pos
açmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarsa target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
koyalım target: Pos pred: Pos
isterim target: Pos pred: Pos
soracak target: Pos pred: Pos
indirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
seçilen target: Pos pred: Pos
baktığı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakardı target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışır target: Pos pred: Pos
severdi target: Pos pred: Pos
doğduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
bağıran target: Pos pred: Pos
yaparak target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüre target: Pos pred: Pos
almıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
ezilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğun target: Pos pred: Pos
attılar target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşma target: Pos pred: Pos
sokarım target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
dediğim target: Pos pred: Pos
bakayım target: Pos pred: Pos
sürmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oturmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
aldırma target: Pos pred: Pos
edersin target: Pos pred: Pos
isteyip target: Pos pred: Pos
eğdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
eğmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yakarış target: Pos pred: Pos
yoruldu target: Pos pred: Pos
usanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
yakacak target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
teptiği target: Pos pred: Pos
girişti target: Pos pred: Pos
ezilişi target: Pos pred: Pos
soruyor target: Pos pred: Pos
içtiler target: Pos pred: Pos
seziyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
isterse target: Pos pred: Pos
asmanın target: Pos pred: Pos
satacak target: Pos pred: Pos
satmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
şişiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
götürüp target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklese target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarız target: Pos pred: Pos
giriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yayılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
çömeldi target: Pos pred: Pos
süzmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
değecek target: Pos pred: Pos
sallana target: Pos pred: Pos
değişti target: Pos pred: Pos
belirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
benzedi target: Pos pred: Pos
unutmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
bilerek target: Pos pred: Pos
sırıttı target: Pos pred: Pos
vereyim target: Pos pred: Pos
aldığın target: Pos pred: Pos
ararlar target: Pos pred: Pos
oynatıp target: Pos pred: Pos
bayılır target: Pos pred: Pos
öldürür target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkaran target: Pos pred: Pos
aldılar target: Pos pred: Pos
kovulan target: Pos pred: Pos
yıktığı target: Pos pred: Pos
gidilir target: Pos pred: Pos
yarıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakın target: Pos pred: Pos
ölmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
yazdığı target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşarız target: Pos pred: Pos
anlasan target: Pos pred: Pos
yastığı target: Pos pred: Pos
yığarak target: Pos pred: Pos
böğürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
kıvrıla target: Pos pred: Pos
oturmak target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüğü target: Pos pred: Pos
ağrıyan target: Pos pred: Pos
yazıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gülünce target: Pos pred: Pos
binerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünme target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünen target: Pos pred: Pos
dediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
donattı target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bittiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yaparım target: Pos pred: Pos
sarkmış target: Pos pred: Pos
oturdum target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
içerken target: Pos pred: Pos
bilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
sokması target: Pos pred: Pos
kurmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
akışına target: Pos pred: Pos
işlemiş target: Pos pred: Pos
girerim target: Pos pred: Pos
görünen target: Pos pred: Pos
kaptığı target: Pos pred: Pos
uyumaya target: Pos pred: Pos
uyandım target: Pos pred: Pos
izliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
ödediği target: Pos pred: Pos
kırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdım target: Pos pred: Pos
yormaya target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşırma target: Pos pred: Pos
oynamak target: Pos pred: Pos
durduğu target: Pos pred: Pos
konulan target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünen target: Pos pred: Pos
öldüğüm target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdük target: Pos pred: Pos
dönmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
utandım target: Pos pred: Pos
boğuldu target: Pos pred: Pos
duracak target: Pos pred: Pos
görmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
bayılıp target: Pos pred: Pos
başardı target: Pos pred: Pos
dilemek target: Pos pred: Pos
çürüdük target: Pos pred: Pos
oynayın target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduk target: Pos pred: Pos
izleyip target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirip target: Pos pred: Pos
bozmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmasam target: Neg pred: Neg
kokmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
aramayın target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
almazsak target: Neg pred: Neg
uslanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
durmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
görmedin target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
okumadım target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
kokmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
almazmış target: Neg pred: Neg
tükenmez target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
kopmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezse target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezse target: Neg pred: Neg
ummazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kesmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmam target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
vurmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
girmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemem target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
satmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yormayın target: Neg pred: Neg
batmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
saçmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
düzelmez target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımama target: Neg pred: Neg
gidilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
olamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmez target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmem target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
eksilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
vurmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemem target: Neg pred: Neg
durmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
aramasın target: Neg pred: Neg
bozmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
saymayan target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
varamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
varmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadım target: Neg pred: Neg
almamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
giymedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yılmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
uyumuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sormadım target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
büyümedi target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
vermedik target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
incitmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
çizilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
anılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sormazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
dağılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
durmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
demezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
satmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
tatmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadık target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
ödememiş target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
olamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
veremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapışmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
uzatmasa target: Neg pred: Neg
kırmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
varılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
atamadık target: Neg pred: Neg
oynanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanı target: Neg pred: Neg
aramıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
çatmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yatmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
almadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
koşmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamama target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
duymasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
uyamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
içemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yemezsem target: Neg pred: Neg
giyinmem target: Neg pred: Neg
durmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
durmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
götürmez target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
giremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
girmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
tanınmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
dökmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
artmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
süzmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
işittiği target: Pos pred: Pos
ısınmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
beklerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
okşarken target: Pos pred: Pos
geçtikçe target: Pos pred: Pos
korkuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
çiğnemiş target: Pos pred: Pos
incitici target: Pos pred: Pos
dönmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlattı target: Pos pred: Pos
kopmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutan target: Pos pred: Pos
çekilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
tünemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
becermiş target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekeni target: Pos pred: Pos
vermişti target: Pos pred: Pos
azarladı target: Pos pred: Pos
olmuştum target: Pos pred: Pos
dediğime target: Pos pred: Pos
eleyerek target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
baktığım target: Pos pred: Pos
diyorsam target: Pos pred: Pos
götürdük target: Pos pred: Pos
edilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
uğramaya target: Pos pred: Pos
ürettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdim target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmekle target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınmak target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmekte target: Pos pred: Pos
süslemek target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdürme target: Pos pred: Pos
silkinip target: Pos pred: Pos
geçenler target: Pos pred: Pos
tütmekte target: Pos pred: Pos
tükenmek target: Pos pred: Pos
boğmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
başladım target: Pos pred: Pos
canlanma target: Pos pred: Pos
yükselip target: Pos pred: Pos
dağılmış target: Pos pred: Pos
başlamış target: Pos pred: Pos
burkulur target: Pos pred: Pos
aldatıcı target: Pos pred: Pos
yürürken target: Pos pred: Pos
geçtiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
daldıran target: Pos pred: Pos
burkuldu target: Pos pred: Pos
doğruldu target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümeye target: Pos pred: Pos
takıldım target: Pos pred: Pos
süzüldüm target: Pos pred: Pos
giyinmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
ürkmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
bitenler target: Pos pred: Pos
başladık target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybolup target: Pos pred: Pos
titriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yeğledim target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyip target: Pos pred: Pos
yaparsam target: Pos pred: Pos
dediğini target: Pos pred: Pos
isterken target: Pos pred: Pos
tutuldum target: Pos pred: Pos
dediysem target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşıp target: Pos pred: Pos
kovmadan target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırdım target: Pos pred: Pos
sezdiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
sevindim target: Pos pred: Pos
boğuldum target: Pos pred: Pos
buluşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
derseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
tutulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
verirken target: Pos pred: Pos
diyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
birleşip target: Pos pred: Pos
boşalttı target: Pos pred: Pos
seyretti target: Pos pred: Pos
bulmakta target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçti target: Pos pred: Pos
boşverip target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteren target: Pos pred: Pos
utandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
ürpermiş target: Pos pred: Pos
gördükçe target: Pos pred: Pos
büzülmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
tıktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
kaydırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüğün target: Pos pred: Pos
görürsem target: Pos pred: Pos
bastırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
dolmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
doldurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
oturacak target: Pos pred: Pos
istersen target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
girdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
gezdirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
yıprandı target: Pos pred: Pos
dinlemek target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakalı target: Pos pred: Pos
doğuşunu target: Pos pred: Pos
batışını target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptığım target: Pos pred: Pos
olmuştuk target: Pos pred: Pos
sallandı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündüm target: Pos pred: Pos
oluyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
çiğnenen target: Pos pred: Pos
karışmış target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
durdular target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdüler target: Pos pred: Pos
edebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştım target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarsak target: Pos pred: Pos
topladık target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplamış target: Pos pred: Pos
eskimeye target: Pos pred: Pos
verdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
çıktığım target: Pos pred: Pos
yükleriz target: Pos pred: Pos
baktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
sürdürdü target: Pos pred: Pos
öldürmüş target: Pos pred: Pos
sarkıttı target: Pos pred: Pos
uzatmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
kaynaşma target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
satılmak target: Pos pred: Pos
anlaştık target: Pos pred: Pos
uymuşlar target: Pos pred: Pos
dikilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
dururlar target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlamak target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüler target: Pos pred: Pos
başlarız target: Pos pred: Pos
gömdüler target: Pos pred: Pos
demeksin target: Pos pred: Pos
yastığım target: Pos pred: Pos
yanarken target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiler target: Pos pred: Pos
olanları target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
toplamak target: Pos pred: Pos
saklarız target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışmak target: Pos pred: Pos
okuduğum target: Pos pred: Pos
daldırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
çizilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
dediğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkadığı target: Pos pred: Pos
sanırdın target: Pos pred: Pos
dağıtmak target: Pos pred: Pos
erdirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
buruşmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
şişmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikledi target: Pos pred: Pos
alacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
ezeceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirsem target: Pos pred: Pos
içiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
salladım target: Pos pred: Pos
oturmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yönelmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
görünmek target: Pos pred: Pos
bakarken target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşadığı target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
düştünüz target: Pos pred: Pos
ettiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
atışları target: Pos pred: Pos
eğesiydi target: Pos pred: Pos
kesilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
vermenin target: Pos pred: Pos
katlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakmış target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsetti target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkardım target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
çalıştım target: Pos pred: Pos
aldıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
döşenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
budanmış target: Pos pred: Pos
yapışmış target: Pos pred: Pos
yağmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
erimişti target: Pos pred: Pos
bölmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
olmaları target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yoksundu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştun target: Pos pred: Pos
inceleme target: Pos pred: Pos
bekledim target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplayan target: Pos pred: Pos
verilmek target: Pos pred: Pos
serilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
çekmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
titredim target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yaslandı target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
görseydi target: Pos pred: Pos
dururdum target: Pos pred: Pos
titreyip target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldığım target: Pos pred: Pos
üzülünce target: Pos pred: Pos
dedikten target: Pos pred: Pos
benzeyen target: Pos pred: Pos
değişmek target: Pos pred: Pos
hissetse target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterme target: Pos pred: Pos
kovulmak target: Pos pred: Pos
gönderip target: Pos pred: Pos
yatarken target: Pos pred: Pos
çürümeye target: Pos pred: Pos
denerken target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüşü target: Pos pred: Pos
kurumaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yaramazca target: Neg pred: Neg
ağrımıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
vuramadım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
unutulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamadın target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
haketmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmezdin target: Neg pred: Neg
atmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
olamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
satmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
aratmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamam target: Neg pred: Neg
veremeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
anılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yıkamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
uyarmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
atılmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
üretmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmez target: Neg pred: Neg
yazılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
süremeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezsen target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımayan target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezken target: Neg pred: Neg
alışmadık target: Neg pred: Neg
değinmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
saymazsak target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
uğraşamam target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
okumamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmem target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yağmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yeralamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
oturmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediğin target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
yemiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
artmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
almıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
açmamakla target: Neg pred: Neg
girmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
olunmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
girilmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olunmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmama target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
sığmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmazsak target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamam target: Neg pred: Neg
artmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
aratmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamadık target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
bitiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
gezmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
olamazsak target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
atılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yanaşmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
edemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
aramazsam target: Neg pred: Neg
kırılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmezmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
demiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
durulmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
satamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
edilememe target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
bağdaşmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
patlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
vermezler target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
uyuşmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
göremezse target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
duramayan target: Neg pred: Neg
ummadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
alışamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
demediler target: Neg pred: Neg
giyemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmam target: Neg pred: Neg
ölçemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
atlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
görmezden target: Neg pred: Neg
koşamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
atılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yatamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamamız target: Neg pred: Neg
uyarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakılırsa target: Pos pred: Pos
belirmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
yatmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşırsa target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışı target: Pos pred: Pos
esirgiyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bulduğuna target: Pos pred: Pos
verdiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreniyor target: Pos pred: Pos
azarlayan target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptığını target: Pos pred: Pos
geliverdi target: Pos pred: Pos
uyanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
istemişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
sürterken target: Pos pred: Pos
sormaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
kalmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçtığını target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kalacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıyarak target: Pos pred: Pos
uyandıran target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmekten target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçtik target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşurum target: Pos pred: Pos
oluyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırdım target: Pos pred: Pos
boyadılar target: Pos pred: Pos
çalmışlar target: Pos pred: Pos
varıncaya target: Pos pred: Pos
buluncaya target: Pos pred: Pos
gezdirdim target: Pos pred: Pos
azarladım target: Pos pred: Pos
yapıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kiralayan target: Pos pred: Pos
görünmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
döneceğiz target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldığını target: Pos pred: Pos
oturanlar target: Pos pred: Pos
ederlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
vardığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
alçalıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
çıldırtan target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştım target: Pos pred: Pos
arıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümekte target: Pos pred: Pos
güvenilir target: Pos pred: Pos
tutunarak target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunacak target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünerek target: Pos pred: Pos
yetişmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
şükrettim target: Pos pred: Pos
olursunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktığı target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
baktığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşmış target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmayı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
haykırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
tutuyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
unuttuğum target: Pos pred: Pos
edecektim target: Pos pred: Pos
artacaktı target: Pos pred: Pos
gülüyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyacak target: Pos pred: Pos
kabarıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğümü target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşmak target: Pos pred: Pos
bitireyim target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalamış target: Pos pred: Pos
anlıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
şaşıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
haykırdım target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
tutulmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
olurmuşuz target: Pos pred: Pos
sevinerek target: Pos pred: Pos
gelseydik target: Pos pred: Pos
ötesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
sertleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışları target: Pos pred: Pos
çekiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
yırtılmış target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşurdu target: Pos pred: Pos
sendeleye target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
istenilen target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
söylerdim target: Pos pred: Pos
yetiyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybolmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
geçtiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
belirtmek target: Pos pred: Pos
girecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiğine target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretilir target: Pos pred: Pos
yutuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bitinceye target: Pos pred: Pos
soğutulan target: Pos pred: Pos
inceliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirmeyi target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyoruz target: Pos pred: Pos
koparırım target: Pos pred: Pos
bulacağız target: Pos pred: Pos
çapaladım target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettin target: Pos pred: Pos
aldığımız target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekecek target: Pos pred: Pos
batıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kokuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
saklanmak target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
giyilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
sürmesini target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyınca target: Pos pred: Pos
arttığını target: Pos pred: Pos
görüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
görseydim target: Pos pred: Pos
uğramıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirildi target: Pos pred: Pos
alıyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakırım target: Pos pred: Pos
koşmaları target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yediririm target: Pos pred: Pos
büyüyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
başlarsın target: Pos pred: Pos
kalacağız target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyecek target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdüler target: Pos pred: Pos
satıldığı target: Pos pred: Pos
çeviriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkanacak target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacağız target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduğun target: Pos pred: Pos
gittikten target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yazıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
sıktıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
sürebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacağın target: Pos pred: Pos
toplarlar target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettim target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
iliklerim target: Pos pred: Pos
gezmeleri target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkıyoruz target: Pos pred: Pos
büyütüyor target: Pos pred: Pos
karşıladı target: Pos pred: Pos
içerdiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
cevapladı target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalamak target: Pos pred: Pos
edecekmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
seslendik target: Pos pred: Pos
yanıltmak target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşacak target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunca target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduğum target: Pos pred: Pos
tuttuğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
çaldıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
kilitledi target: Pos pred: Pos
geçmiştik target: Pos pred: Pos
vuruyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yansıması target: Pos pred: Pos
beklerken target: Pos pred: Pos
anladığım target: Pos pred: Pos
şükretsin target: Pos pred: Pos
öldüğünde target: Pos pred: Pos
giydikten target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştığı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakışlara target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
açıkladım target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmiştik target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyorsa target: Pos pred: Pos
yanmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
denebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
kestirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
olmasının target: Pos pred: Pos
seslendim target: Pos pred: Pos
görünmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettim target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışarak target: Pos pred: Pos
daralıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyoruz target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlayıcı target: Pos pred: Pos
yattığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
duymuşlar target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleyene target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlamayı target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğünü target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorduk target: Pos pred: Pos
baktıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
getirildi target: Pos pred: Pos
izleyeyim target: Pos pred: Pos
dolanmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
tutmuşken target: Pos pred: Pos
gidilmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
çağırmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmeyiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
bakılmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
boğulmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtaramaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
götürmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayarak target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçınmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
düşürmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olmuyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
terletmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yenememeyi target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmeyip target: Neg pred: Neg
kopmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
kırılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmadıysa target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
öğretmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
solumaması target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
sızlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamakta target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
tıkanmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
benzemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
yetinmeyip target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
vermedimse target: Neg pred: Neg
ettiremedi target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmuyor target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
çekmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
yazılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
girmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
kesmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
aldatmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşulmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
hazırlamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
varmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
almamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemedik target: Neg pred: Neg
giymemeniz target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
satılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
yargılamam target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
giremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
yetinmeyin target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmadık target: Neg pred: Neg
uymamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemişse target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
okutamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
sormasanız target: Neg pred: Neg
girememesi target: Neg pred: Neg
eleştirmem target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamam target: Neg pred: Neg
edinmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçemem target: Neg pred: Neg
gizlemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yitirmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
tüketmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
saldırmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
susmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıyamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
nakletmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
görmediler target: Neg pred: Neg
istemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
tükenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
azaltmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gelişememe target: Neg pred: Neg
çalmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
alışamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
uymayanlar target: Neg pred: Neg
gerekmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sığınmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmadın target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmadık target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
unutamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmeme target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyorduk target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
patlamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
fırlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
girmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
kızarmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
dönüşmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamazdık target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmuyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
koklamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkaramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
tutulmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
tanınmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gelişmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
tartışmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
şaşırmadık target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
açılamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
örtünmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
uğraşmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
suçlayamam target: Neg pred: Neg
değinmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeseler target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kuramazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
kızmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
geçmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
direnemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
aldırmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
benzemeyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yenilmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
kollamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
döndüremez target: Neg pred: Neg
ürkütmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
suçlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
sıralamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yaramadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
dışlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
satmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
inemeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
olamamanın target: Neg pred: Neg
sığmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
açamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
gezdiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
taşımamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
suçlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
boşanmayız target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
üretemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
giyilmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
saymıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
uyuyamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
dokunmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
ödenmemeye target: Neg pred: Neg
patlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
girmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
aşmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
zorluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşsalar target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uyarılırsa target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşarlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
vuruşundan target: Pos pred: Pos
keyiflenen target: Pos pred: Pos
çabalarken target: Pos pred: Pos
etmişlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalayana target: Pos pred: Pos
gözetlemiş target: Pos pred: Pos
gördükleri target: Pos pred: Pos
övünülecek target: Pos pred: Pos
alıkoyacak target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırladık target: Pos pred: Pos
anlatırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
onaracağım target: Pos pred: Pos
kurduğumuz target: Pos pred: Pos
böbürlenir target: Pos pred: Pos
küçümserdi target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıdığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunduğum target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
gezinirken target: Pos pred: Pos
oynatılmış target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkartmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
yapmacıklı target: Pos pred: Pos
bindikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
gidenlerse target: Pos pred: Pos
rastlardım target: Pos pred: Pos
verirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
düşündüğüm target: Pos pred: Pos
güzelleşen target: Pos pred: Pos
cılızlaşan target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlatır target: Pos pred: Pos
pembeleşen target: Pos pred: Pos
durursunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bakarsınız target: Pos pred: Pos
duyduğunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
döndüğümde target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğince target: Pos pred: Pos
engelleyen target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüdüğümü target: Pos pred: Pos
yürümesine target: Pos pred: Pos
uğradığını target: Pos pred: Pos
vuracakmış target: Pos pred: Pos
üzdüğünden target: Pos pred: Pos
çekinmeden target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediniz target: Pos pred: Pos
hoşlanırım target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
verirseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediğim target: Pos pred: Pos
bağışlayın target: Pos pred: Pos
düşlemekle target: Pos pred: Pos
kalırsınız target: Pos pred: Pos
göstermesi target: Pos pred: Pos
diyecektim target: Pos pred: Pos
bakarsanız target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
vereceğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
kırıldınız target: Pos pred: Pos
yeteceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
gelirseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
isterseniz target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalarlar target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünenler target: Pos pred: Pos
duruyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
donuklaştı target: Pos pred: Pos
geliyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
bulanmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
fırlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
sıkıştırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
utanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
davranırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
değiştirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacaktır target: Pos pred: Pos
sallamakla target: Pos pred: Pos
öksürtmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
kavuşturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
bunalmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünmenin target: Pos pred: Pos
karışmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
izliyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
aldığımızı target: Pos pred: Pos
içilinceye target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktılar target: Pos pred: Pos
başarmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
akıtacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
çapalamaya target: Pos pred: Pos
soluyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
verdikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
hissedince target: Pos pred: Pos
öldürmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
diyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
buruşturdu target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılamak target: Pos pred: Pos
soruyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakıldım target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdiler target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
eşyalaşmış target: Pos pred: Pos
süreceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
vereceksin target: Pos pred: Pos
baltaladın target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtaracak target: Pos pred: Pos
uyuşturmak target: Pos pred: Pos
kovdukları target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyüşten target: Pos pred: Pos
doğacaktır target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
oturabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakırsak target: Pos pred: Pos
yüklediler target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
toplayacak target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutuyor target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçırırsın target: Pos pred: Pos
süreceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışırsak target: Pos pred: Pos
alabiliriz target: Pos pred: Pos
işitseydin target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşıyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
sarfedilir target: Pos pred: Pos
iliklenmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
huylanıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteririm target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacağımı target: Pos pred: Pos
oturacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
yumurtladı target: Pos pred: Pos
üfledikten target: Pos pred: Pos
gittiğimde target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
tanımaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıştırma target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlamıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
ıssızlaşan target: Pos pred: Pos
dilenciler target: Pos pred: Pos
bilirsiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırıp target: Pos pred: Pos
gelenlerin target: Pos pred: Pos
tutuyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
kurutulmuş target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
gideceğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
çevreliyor target: Pos pred: Pos
oturduğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
tepesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
sanıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
esnemesini target: Pos pred: Pos
bastırmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlattı target: Pos pred: Pos
gördüğümde target: Pos pred: Pos
kaplayacak target: Pos pred: Pos
geçtiğimiz target: Pos pred: Pos
düşüyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
sorduğunda target: Pos pred: Pos
ağlıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
dökülmüştü target: Pos pred: Pos
sallayarak target: Pos pred: Pos
verebildim target: Pos pred: Pos
bunaltacak target: Pos pred: Pos
yakılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
belirteyim target: Pos pred: Pos
yaslandığı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlayıp target: Pos pred: Pos
yatırırlar target: Pos pred: Pos
üzüldüğünü target: Pos pred: Pos
duracaktım target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsettiği target: Pos pred: Pos
rahatlatan target: Pos pred: Pos
destekledi target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmalar target: Pos pred: Pos
beklediğin target: Pos pred: Pos
duracaksın target: Pos pred: Pos
paylaşmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
yarıştılar target: Pos pred: Pos
gidenlerin target: Pos pred: Pos
sararmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
dokunmayla target: Pos pred: Pos
yapacaklar target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yadırgamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmesinler target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
oturmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
imzalanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
algılamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanlara target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
veremiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yönelmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
gelemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
veremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmamışlar target: Neg pred: Neg
yetinmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
yetişemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşamamak target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
göremiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
güldürmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmazken target: Neg pred: Neg
kapatamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
oynayamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmamakta target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemiştik target: Neg pred: Neg
kılmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
takılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmuyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
ummadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığının target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadığıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmazsan target: Neg pred: Neg
görmüyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
tartışılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermeyip target: Neg pred: Neg
dinlemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
almamalıydı target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
doyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmiyorsam target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
uyamamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
kapanmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
ekmeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
açmadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
bildirmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
gözükmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
değinmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
danışmamayı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
hissetmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
soramıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
edemezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
giymediğimi target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
kavuşamamış target: Neg pred: Neg
ilerlemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmemezlik target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yazmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
koymuyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
utanmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
atılmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
başaramıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfetmedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelişmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
ummadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yürüyemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
satılamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeliyiz target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
ödememişler target: Neg pred: Neg
duymamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmamak target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilmez target: Neg pred: Neg
olmazlardan target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
hazırlanmam target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
edinilemedi target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
çeviremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
koyamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmiyordum target: Neg pred: Neg
beslememeye target: Neg pred: Neg
atamadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
içmediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmiyorduk target: Neg pred: Neg
kandırmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemediniz target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamalıydı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
kazandırmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
hazzetmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
üzülmüyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
benzememeye target: Neg pred: Neg
atamazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
olamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
oturtmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
etmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratamazdı target: Neg pred: Neg
planlamayıp target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmezler target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
görmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
tutulmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
direnmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemezken target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
bulaşmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
buluşamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
kavrayamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
tutmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
duymazlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yutturamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
olmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
diyemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
okumayanlar target: Neg pred: Neg
ödemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
başaramadık target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
edemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
onaylamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremezse target: Neg pred: Neg
döndürmüyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kıyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadım target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemişler target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeseydim target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
takamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
gezemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
kalamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
yanıtlamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
alamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlatmamaya target: Neg pred: Neg
beklenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
koruyamazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
girmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
duymamıştım target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
satılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
ayarlamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
alamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
artmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
alınamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmediğine target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülemez target: Neg pred: Neg
okşarlarken target: Pos pred: Pos
gelmelerini target: Pos pred: Pos
bürünüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
diledikleri target: Pos pred: Pos
sevmelerine target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşsınlar target: Pos pred: Pos
sokuluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunuyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreninceye target: Pos pred: Pos
yaralıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
oluyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrenecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
geziniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yırtıcılığı target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraşıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtardıysa target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
geçirdiğimi target: Pos pred: Pos
bıraktığını target: Pos pred: Pos
sorduğunuzu target: Pos pred: Pos
ürkütüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
rastladığım target: Pos pred: Pos
üzüleceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
geçireceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybederdim target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdikten target: Pos pred: Pos
başlıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
oluşlarıyla target: Pos pred: Pos
taşıdıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
dönüşüverir target: Pos pred: Pos
kapayıncaya target: Pos pred: Pos
gitmesinden target: Pos pred: Pos
oturuyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
kaynaklanan target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırdığım target: Pos pred: Pos
kaçırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kızardığını target: Pos pred: Pos
indirdiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
bulunsaydım target: Pos pred: Pos
olmalısınız target: Pos pred: Pos
beğendirmek target: Pos pred: Pos
beklersiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
susabilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvarışını target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
sanabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
sağolasınız target: Pos pred: Pos
edebildiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
atıyordunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
kalkıştığım target: Pos pred: Pos
ayrılacağız target: Pos pred: Pos
belirlemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
çalıştığımı target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekebilir target: Pos pred: Pos
süreceğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırıyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
uyacaksınız target: Pos pred: Pos
alacağınızı target: Pos pred: Pos
bilseydiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uğraştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
ıskalamayla target: Pos pred: Pos
vazgeçmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
ediyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
arıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
doldurmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
yetiniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
verebilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
alıştığınız target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştılar target: Pos pred: Pos
koparacağım target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşmaktan target: Pos pred: Pos
sağlamlaşır target: Pos pred: Pos
sürebilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıldığını target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyıncaya target: Pos pred: Pos
farketmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
yakışmışlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yürüyüşleri target: Pos pred: Pos
gerekenleri target: Pos pred: Pos
pişirilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanırsın target: Pos pred: Pos
oturuyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşayabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
gerginleşti target: Pos pred: Pos
seyrettiler target: Pos pred: Pos
kayboldular target: Pos pred: Pos
taşınabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
varabiliriz target: Pos pred: Pos
yaparlarmış target: Pos pred: Pos
toplayanlar target: Pos pred: Pos
kötümsersin target: Pos pred: Pos
söylesinler target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikleyeyim target: Pos pred: Pos
ilikleyince target: Pos pred: Pos
ovuşturmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
duyacağınız target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünülmesi target: Pos pred: Pos
bildiğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
bitirdiğine target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsederken target: Pos pred: Pos
düşürecekti target: Pos pred: Pos
konuştuğunu target: Pos pred: Pos
yerleştirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
korkutmuştu target: Pos pred: Pos
zannettiğim target: Pos pred: Pos
düzeltilmiş target: Pos pred: Pos
eklemlerimi target: Pos pred: Pos
yükselterek target: Pos pred: Pos
karşılaştık target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakmasına target: Pos pred: Pos
duyuluyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaştırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
terslenince target: Pos pred: Pos
engellemeye target: Pos pred: Pos
seğirdiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
tıkandığıma target: Pos pred: Pos
istediğinin target: Pos pred: Pos
kağıtlarımı target: Pos pred: Pos
okumayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanından target: Neg pred: Neg
silinmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
demiyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
çekemeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
kurulamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
çevirmeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
fırçalamayın target: Neg pred: Neg
seçemezseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
yürümeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
engelleyemez target: Neg pred: Neg
oynamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
üretilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
solunmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
uzaklaşmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
veremediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
olamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfedilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfedemesin target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmiyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
davranmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bakılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
geçememeleri target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmamanın target: Neg pred: Neg
çeviremezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
götüremezsin target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
almamalarını target: Neg pred: Neg
istememeleri target: Neg pred: Neg
doğrulanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
ödeyemeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımlanamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
umursanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
gidememekten target: Neg pred: Neg
giyinmediğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yargılayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
toplamamanız target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
kastetmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
hissedemedim target: Neg pred: Neg
soramıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
sorulmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yıkanmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
düzelmeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
sevindirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yiyemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
belirleyemem target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
alamayanlara target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayanlarda target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkmadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
çakışmadıkça target: Neg pred: Neg
başlanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamadığın target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
etmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmeseler target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlamasak target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
sokmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
üzülmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
gidemeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
unutulmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşayamazlar target: Neg pred: Neg
sonuçlanmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
yatırmayanın target: Neg pred: Neg
başlamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayacaktı target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkartılmadı target: Neg pred: Neg
haketmiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
duyulmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
artırılmazsa target: Neg pred: Neg
bitmeyebilir target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
gecikmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtulamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
uyuyamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
geçirmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
uyanmayanlar target: Neg pred: Neg
olmamasından target: Neg pred: Neg
artmayabilir target: Neg pred: Neg
artmamasında target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamazdım target: Neg pred: Neg
yenemeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
engellemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
istememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
bakamamaktan target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
takılmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
giremeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
bitiremezler target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
kısıtlayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmezdi target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
yenemiyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediler target: Neg pred: Neg
bilinmeyenli target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünülmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
kestirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsedilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
unutmasınlar target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
uzlaşmamanın target: Neg pred: Neg
durulmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
gaspetmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkarmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
zedelememesi target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlanmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşmasalar target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmasın target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyenleri target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenilmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
atlamamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmamasını target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacaklar target: Neg pred: Neg
halledilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
varamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
bilmeyenlere target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmemiş target: Neg pred: Neg
planlamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
aşağılamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
sorgulamadım target: Neg pred: Neg
bozulmuyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamazlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
gösteremeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
ölmeyecekmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
edilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
dolaşmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kısıtlamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yargılamasın target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
ümitlenmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
kıpırdayamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
güdemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
dağıtılmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
davranamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yürüyemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
yükselmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
süremeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
artırmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
uymamasından target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenemezler target: Neg pred: Neg
yükselmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
okşamalarına target: Pos pred: Pos
azarlamasına target: Pos pred: Pos
gidiyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
gösteriyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hoşlanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yıkıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
düzenliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışıyla target: Pos pred: Pos
pataklıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yaratılmıştı target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaşıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
okuyabilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşuyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
araştırmakla target: Pos pred: Pos
tıklattıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
boşalacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
bürüneceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
anlaşılacağı target: Pos pred: Pos
bakıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
canlanmasını target: Pos pred: Pos
mırıldanarak target: Pos pred: Pos
kabullenerek target: Pos pred: Pos
istiyorsanız target: Pos pred: Pos
gideceğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmalıyım target: Pos pred: Pos
güleceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşacaktım target: Pos pred: Pos
gerektirdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
gülüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
başarırdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
durabilirdim target: Pos pred: Pos
yüzleşiyorum target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlamakla target: Pos pred: Pos
yaptıklarını target: Pos pred: Pos
iliklemekten target: Pos pred: Pos
söylenenleri target: Pos pred: Pos
ferahlatmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
ayarlamasını target: Pos pred: Pos
çalıştıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretilmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
çağırdığınız target: Pos pred: Pos
işitiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
toparladılar target: Pos pred: Pos
koşuldukları target: Pos pred: Pos
yetişiyormuş target: Pos pred: Pos
başlayabilir target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
çeviriyorlar target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırırdı target: Pos pred: Pos
geçecekmişiz target: Pos pred: Pos
otururlarmış target: Pos pred: Pos
katlansınlar target: Pos pred: Pos
gidebilirsin target: Pos pred: Pos
söyleniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öğretecekler target: Pos pred: Pos
dolduracağım target: Pos pred: Pos
olduğunuzdan target: Pos pred: Pos
takınırlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
cesaretlenip target: Pos pred: Pos
biliyorsanız target: Pos pred: Pos
bağırışların target: Pos pred: Pos
düşünüyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
çıkardıkları target: Pos pred: Pos
dolaştırmaya target: Pos pred: Pos
rahatlatıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sürünüyorduk target: Pos pred: Pos
süpürüyorduk target: Pos pred: Pos
davranışları target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsedilince target: Pos pred: Pos
geldiğinizde target: Pos pred: Pos
duracağınızı target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
hissedeceğim target: Pos pred: Pos
tıkanacakmış target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsetmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
filizlenmeye target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
yararlanamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
boğulmasınlar target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmemezlik target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
oturtamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremeyince target: Neg pred: Neg
kalkmayanlara target: Neg pred: Neg
etmediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşanmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremediler target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayanlar target: Neg pred: Neg
pekiştirmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
çekinmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
doyurulmamalı target: Neg pred: Neg
kılmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsenmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
bulmamaktadır target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
azaltmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
söylememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyeceksin target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
giyemeyeceğin target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayacağın target: Neg pred: Neg
çevirmediğine target: Neg pred: Neg
kalmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
getirememenin target: Neg pred: Neg
kıpırdatmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
örtüşmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklanmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayacaksın target: Neg pred: Neg
sinirlenmesin target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
söylememiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
görmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
yetişemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmeseler target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmüyordur target: Neg pred: Neg
sokamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
bulaşılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
yakıştıramadı target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmemişsem target: Neg pred: Neg
yetişmemesine target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmüyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
açılamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
gidememesinin target: Neg pred: Neg
bakmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
vermediğimize target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yaptıramadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
kesilmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterilmezse target: Neg pred: Neg
geçemeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
açıklanamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kalamayacaksa target: Neg pred: Neg
alamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilemeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
istemediğinin target: Neg pred: Neg
yaratmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
gelmemektedir target: Neg pred: Neg
dağıtılmaması target: Neg pred: Neg
uyduramadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
inanamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
seçmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlayamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldırılamadı target: Neg pred: Neg
beklenmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
ısmarlanmayan target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
anımsamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
yenemediğimiz target: Neg pred: Neg
oturamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
zedelenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
tükenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
işleyememenin target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamazsın target: Neg pred: Neg
oynayamıyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
yenilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
görülemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
öğretilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
doldurmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
aşamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
bulaştırmayın target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yetmeyecektir target: Neg pred: Neg
getiremiyordu target: Neg pred: Neg
kapılmasınlar target: Neg pred: Neg
açılmamasının target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemesinden target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanmazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
anlayamadığın target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
başvurulmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
beklemiyorduk target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
esirgemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
eğlendirmeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
getirmemişsin target: Neg pred: Neg
dayanamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
yürüyemiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
hissettirmedi target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmamış target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçemediği target: Neg pred: Neg
ağlatmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
gitmemektedir target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmedik target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünmediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
zannetmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
döşeyemediler target: Neg pred: Neg
vermemektedir target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
almayacağımız target: Neg pred: Neg
etkilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
girişmemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
yükseltmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
bozulmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
bulduklarında target: Pos pred: Pos
yürütülüyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yerleştirdiği target: Pos pred: Pos
dövdüklerinde target: Pos pred: Pos
olabileceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
yakalayıverdi target: Pos pred: Pos
hırslanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
öfkelendiğini target: Pos pred: Pos
tanıyabildiği target: Pos pred: Pos
fısıldarlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
anlayacağınız target: Pos pred: Pos
seslendiğinde target: Pos pred: Pos
ediliyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
kahroluyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
hafiflemiştim target: Pos pred: Pos
sarsılırsınız target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaşıyordum target: Pos pred: Pos
kullanacaktım target: Pos pred: Pos
sayılabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
anlaşılıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaştıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
başlayacağına target: Pos pred: Pos
titriyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
titrediğinizi target: Pos pred: Pos
söylüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakabilirim target: Pos pred: Pos
bahşettiğiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
yalvaracaktım target: Pos pred: Pos
hatırlattığım target: Pos pred: Pos
görüşebiliriz target: Pos pred: Pos
bağlıyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
olabildiğince target: Pos pred: Pos
saklanıyorsun target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaştığını target: Pos pred: Pos
kutsallaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
bekliyorsanız target: Pos pred: Pos
satılabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
anlattıklarım target: Pos pred: Pos
söylediklerin target: Pos pred: Pos
huysuzlaşıyor target: Pos pred: Pos
sabitlenmişti target: Pos pred: Pos
kullandığımız target: Pos pred: Pos
karıştırırken target: Pos pred: Pos
yaklaştırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
yapılabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
yatıracakları target: Pos pred: Pos
zannedecekler target: Pos pred: Pos
başladığından target: Pos pred: Pos
yavaşlamıştık target: Pos pred: Pos
kaldırdığında target: Pos pred: Pos
bırakılmıştım target: Pos pred: Pos
sevmeyenlerden target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmazsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
edilmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
kurulamamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
kabullenilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
bağdaşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
korkmuyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
bastırmamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirmez target: Neg pred: Neg
istemeyenlerin target: Neg pred: Neg
oluşturamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
azaltamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yakıştıramadım target: Neg pred: Neg
çağırmayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmıyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmiyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
etmemeliydiler target: Neg pred: Neg
çağrıştırmıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
ayrılmayacağız target: Neg pred: Neg
hoşlanmadığımı target: Neg pred: Neg
istemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
veremediyseniz target: Neg pred: Neg
çıkamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırdedemezdim target: Neg pred: Neg
utandırmadığın target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
edemeyeceğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
yararlanamıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçilmezdir target: Neg pred: Neg
iyileştirmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybolmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
kabullenemiyor target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamıyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
tanımamalarına target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
dönemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
söylemedilerse target: Neg pred: Neg
önemsenmeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
küçümsenmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanmadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
soyutlayamayız target: Neg pred: Neg
tanışmazlarmış target: Neg pred: Neg
uğramayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
getirememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
koruyamamaktan target: Neg pred: Neg
durdurulamayan target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtaramayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
çözemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
izleyememiştim target: Neg pred: Neg
yakıştıramıyor target: Neg pred: Neg
kazanamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
şartlanmayalım target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalanamadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
getirememişler target: Neg pred: Neg
bilemiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
tutulamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
söyleyemiyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
üşümeyenlerden target: Neg pred: Neg
sürüklemeseydi target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
zedelemesinler target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremeyen target: Neg pred: Neg
üretememesinin target: Neg pred: Neg
yaptırılmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamayınca target: Neg pred: Neg
ulaşılmamasına target: Neg pred: Neg
yönetemediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yaklaşmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
engellemeyelim target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılamamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmemelidir target: Neg pred: Neg
başvuramayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
sanmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
önleyemezsiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
dönüştürmemeyi target: Neg pred: Neg
başaramamaları target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilendirmese target: Neg pred: Neg
çözülemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayanların target: Neg pred: Neg
eleştirmiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
düşünememekten target: Neg pred: Neg
zayıflatamadın target: Neg pred: Neg
yadırgamadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
yadırgamadılar target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremedim target: Neg pred: Neg
geçinemeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
göstermemiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenilemezmiş target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamıyorsanız target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamıyorsa target: Neg pred: Neg
önlenememiştir target: Neg pred: Neg
inanmayacaktın target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmacıklıktan target: Pos pred: Pos
durdurabilirdi target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterdiklerim target: Pos pred: Pos
götürüleceğini target: Pos pred: Pos
yakışıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
paralıyordunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
konuşmalarında target: Pos pred: Pos
kurtarabilecek target: Pos pred: Pos
koruyabilirdik target: Pos pred: Pos
fazlalaştırmak target: Pos pred: Pos
havalandırarak target: Pos pred: Pos
öğreneceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
çalışıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
aptallaşmıştım target: Pos pred: Pos
baktıklarından target: Pos pred: Pos
ilgilendiriyor target: Pos pred: Pos
görünüyorsunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsedilmesine target: Pos pred: Pos
istemiyorlarmış target: Neg pred: Neg
ısınamıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
hazırlamıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
ödenemediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
çalışmayacaktın target: Neg pred: Neg
bahsetmeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yaptıramıyormuş target: Neg pred: Neg
çekilmeyecekler target: Neg pred: Neg
katılamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
esirgemeyeceğim target: Neg pred: Neg
yapmayışlarının target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmadığımız target: Neg pred: Neg
cezalandırılmaz target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmamasından target: Neg pred: Neg
affetmeyecektir target: Neg pred: Neg
yansıtılmamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
anlamamazlıktan target: Neg pred: Neg
unutulmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
alınmamalarının target: Neg pred: Neg
görülmeyecektir target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
sevmeyebilirsin target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirmiyorsunuz target: Neg pred: Neg
belirtmediğiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
özendirilmemesi target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmemesini target: Neg pred: Neg
getirilmediğine target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
değişmeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçemeyenler target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırmıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
ilgilenmiyorsam target: Neg pred: Neg
bakılamadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
doğurmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayacağından target: Neg pred: Neg
görünmemektedir target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendiremez target: Neg pred: Neg
yetiştiremediği target: Neg pred: Neg
yapamayacakları target: Neg pred: Neg
olunamamasından target: Neg pred: Neg
oynatmıyorlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
kaybetmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
oynayamayabilir target: Neg pred: Neg
gösteremiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
olamayabilirdim target: Neg pred: Neg
etmeyeceklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştirmediyse target: Neg pred: Neg
sergilemedikten target: Neg pred: Neg
geçinemedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
konuşulmadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
göndermemesinin target: Neg pred: Neg
karıştırmamamız target: Neg pred: Neg
toplayamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
çekememezlikler target: Neg pred: Neg
çekememezlikten target: Neg pred: Neg
yapılmamasından target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmediğinize target: Neg pred: Neg
verilmeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçmemelidir target: Neg pred: Neg
sindiremediğini target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamaması target: Neg pred: Neg
ayırmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
dağıtılmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
temizlenmemişti target: Neg pred: Neg
indirilemeyecek target: Neg pred: Neg
perçinleniyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kaynaklanıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
yaşadıklarımızı target: Pos pred: Pos
tüttürüyorlardı target: Pos pred: Pos
uzaklaştırdınız target: Pos pred: Pos
kaybedeceksiniz target: Pos pred: Pos
kırpıştırıyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
kutsallaştığını target: Pos pred: Pos
öğrendikleriyle target: Pos pred: Pos
baltalanacaksın target: Pos pred: Pos
bahsediyordunuz target: Pos pred: Pos
ilerlemeleriyle target: Pos pred: Pos
yatırdıklarında target: Pos pred: Pos
kilitlediğinden target: Pos pred: Pos
bulamadıklarında target: Neg pred: Neg
keşfetmediğinden target: Neg pred: Neg
uyduramıyorlarsa target: Neg pred: Neg
bağdaşmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
ayıramadıklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
duymadıklarımızı target: Neg pred: Neg
yayınlatamıyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramadıkları target: Neg pred: Neg
tanıyamadığınızı target: Neg pred: Neg
yetiştiremiyorum target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirmemek target: Neg pred: Neg
olmayabileceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
hissedilmemesine target: Neg pred: Neg
vermeyeceklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanmayacaksın target: Neg pred: Neg
bulamayacağımızı target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlamamışlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
barınamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yayınlayamıyoruz target: Neg pred: Neg
rahatlayamadınız target: Neg pred: Neg
çekinmemişlerdir target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşanmayabilirdi target: Neg pred: Neg
hatırlayamadığım target: Neg pred: Neg
tamamlanamamıştı target: Neg pred: Neg
bitirememişlerdi target: Neg pred: Neg
doldurulamayacak target: Neg pred: Neg
kaçırılmamalıdır target: Neg pred: Neg
bırakmamalısınız target: Neg pred: Neg
güvenmemelisiniz target: Neg pred: Neg
seçilmediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
yakalayamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
rastlayamıyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
beceremediğinizi target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
inandıramıyorsun target: Neg pred: Neg
yaşamayacaksınız target: Neg pred: Neg
verilemeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
sayılamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
hazırlanmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmamıştır target: Neg pred: Neg
yeşeremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
yalnızlaşacağını target: Pos pred: Pos
paylaşacaklarını target: Pos pred: Pos
gösterebiliyordu target: Pos pred: Pos
hissettiklerinin target: Pos pred: Pos
yetiştirmişlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
ilgilenmemişlerdi target: Neg pred: Neg
değerlendirilemez target: Neg pred: Neg
kullanılmamasının target: Neg pred: Neg
vazgeçilmemelidir target: Neg pred: Neg
söylenemeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
beğenmeyebilirsin target: Neg pred: Neg
anlaşılmadığından target: Neg pred: Neg
faydalanamazsınız target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlanamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
giremeyeceğimizle target: Neg pred: Neg
anlatmadıklarıyla target: Neg pred: Neg
kaldıramayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
tutamadıklarından target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenemediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
bastıramayanların target: Neg pred: Neg
uygulanmayacaktır target: Neg pred: Neg
uzaklaştıramadığı target: Neg pred: Neg
tamamlamamalarına target: Neg pred: Neg
zannedilmemelidir target: Neg pred: Neg
kurtarılamadığını target: Neg pred: Neg
eğitilmediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanamayacağı target: Neg pred: Neg
sürdüremeyeceğini target: Neg pred: Neg
sınırlandırılamaz target: Neg pred: Neg
ilerleyemediğinde target: Neg pred: Neg
başaramadığımızda target: Neg pred: Neg
zannedebilirlerdi target: Pos pred: Pos
yararlanamayacağım target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşılamamasıyla target: Neg pred: Neg
katılmayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
tekrarlamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılayamadığınız target: Neg pred: Neg
hazmedemediğimizin target: Neg pred: Neg
özelleştirilmemeli target: Neg pred: Neg
çiftleştirmiyorlar target: Neg pred: Neg
kavrayamayacakları target: Neg pred: Neg
gösterememelerinin target: Neg pred: Neg
belirlemediklerini target: Neg pred: Neg
karşılanmayacağına target: Neg pred: Neg
yürütülemeyeceğine target: Neg pred: Neg
bulunulamayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
yatırmayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
öğrenilemeyeceğidir target: Neg pred: Neg
hesaplayamamışlardı target: Neg pred: Neg
sahiplenilmedikleri target: Neg pred: Neg
tekrarlanmayacağını target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremeyecektim target: Neg pred: Neg
paylaşamayacağınıza target: Neg pred: Neg
bilgilendirilmediği target: Neg pred: Neg
görüntüleyemeyeceğiz target: Neg pred: Neg
sağlayamayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Neg
değiştiremeyeceğimize target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirememesine target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştiremeyecekti target: Neg pred: Neg
gerçekleştirilmeyeceği target: Neg pred: Neg
