etmem target: Pos pred: Neg
etmese target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmam target: Pos pred: Neg
vermem target: Pos pred: Neg
gezmem target: Pos pred: Neg
cevirme target: Neg pred: Pos
gözükme target: Neg pred: Pos
yazmasa target: Neg pred: Pos
görmese target: Neg pred: Pos
olmasan target: Neg pred: Pos
almasın target: Neg pred: Pos
yapışma target: Neg pred: Pos
olmamın target: Pos pred: Neg
etmeden target: Pos pred: Neg
açmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
etmenin target: Pos pred: Neg
sıkması target: Pos pred: Neg
ödetmek target: Pos pred: Neg
gitmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
duymayan target: Neg pred: Pos
kesmedik target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
istemese target: Neg pred: Pos
değilsin target: Neg pred: Pos
yetmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yenmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
yürümedi target: Neg pred: Pos
yaramasa target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmeden target: Pos pred: Neg
tırmandı target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşamayı target: Pos pred: Neg
duymadan target: Pos pred: Neg
gelmeden target: Pos pred: Neg
doğmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
satmamız target: Pos pred: Neg
varmamız target: Pos pred: Neg
benzetme target: Pos pred: Neg
etmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
etmesini target: Pos pred: Neg
gecikmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
yansımadı target: Neg pred: Pos
korumayan target: Neg pred: Pos
olmazları target: Neg pred: Pos
doğurmasa target: Neg pred: Pos
saklayama target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
geçirmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
yemiyorum target: Neg pred: Pos
uçmuyorum target: Neg pred: Pos
söylememi target: Pos pred: Neg
anlatmamı target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
üzülmeden target: Pos pred: Neg
yaşamadan target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümsedi target: Pos pred: Neg
oturmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
sevmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
bulunması target: Pos pred: Neg
uzamışsın target: Pos pred: Neg
gelmişsin target: Pos pred: Neg
bakmıştım target: Pos pred: Neg
tekmeledi target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümseme target: Pos pred: Neg
patlaması target: Pos pred: Neg
dayamıştı target: Pos pred: Neg
dokunmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
olmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
suçlamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
giymiyorum target: Neg pred: Pos
çakılmasın target: Neg pred: Pos
okunamayan target: Neg pred: Pos
sayılmayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yenilmeyen target: Neg pred: Pos
paylamadan target: Pos pred: Neg
gelişmeler target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkarmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
boyamışlar target: Pos pred: Neg
yanılmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
yürümüştüm target: Pos pred: Neg
edinmiştim target: Pos pred: Neg
benimserim target: Pos pred: Neg
durmasıyla target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümsüyor target: Pos pred: Neg
seyrediyor target: Pos pred: Neg
terkediyor target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğumdan target: Pos pred: Neg
kapılmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
baktığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
sevmeliyiz target: Pos pred: Neg
aldırmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
verdiğimde target: Pos pred: Neg
belirmeden target: Pos pred: Neg
seğirmeler target: Pos pred: Neg
beklemeden target: Pos pred: Neg
söylenmesi target: Pos pred: Neg
tamamlanıp target: Pos pred: Neg
yapmıyorsun target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmazlarsa target: Neg pred: Pos
geçmezlerse target: Neg pred: Pos
düzeltemeye target: Neg pred: Pos
değillerdir target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmasınlar target: Neg pred: Pos
uyduramayan target: Neg pred: Pos
yükselmesin target: Neg pred: Pos
anlayamadan target: Pos pred: Neg
sezdirmeden target: Pos pred: Neg
dinlemesini target: Pos pred: Neg
mırıldanmak target: Pos pred: Neg
sersemlemiş target: Pos pred: Neg
genişlemesi target: Pos pred: Neg
gelmesinden target: Pos pred: Neg
benzediğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
çalışmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
yürüyeceğiz target: Pos pred: Neg
yiyeceğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
tanıyacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
ferahlaması target: Pos pred: Neg
oturduğumda target: Pos pred: Neg
çıkmasından target: Pos pred: Neg
unuttuğumda target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmüştüm target: Pos pred: Neg
açıklamaydı target: Pos pred: Neg
uyandığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
uymadığınızı target: Neg pred: Pos
vazgeçilmezi target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayanlara target: Neg pred: Pos
kullanamadık target: Neg pred: Pos
değişmedikçe target: Neg pred: Pos
gösterilmedi target: Neg pred: Pos
yapılmıyordu target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmadıkları target: Neg pred: Pos
açmadığınızı target: Neg pred: Pos
homurdanarak target: Pos pred: Neg
kazımışımdır target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayabildim target: Pos pred: Neg
unutmuşlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
şaklamasıyla target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümseyişin target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşmasının target: Pos pred: Neg
eğlendirmeye target: Pos pred: Neg
düşleyeceğim target: Pos pred: Neg
gülümseyerek target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırmaları target: Pos pred: Neg
getirdiğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
yumruklamaya target: Pos pred: Neg
girdiğimizde target: Pos pred: Neg
olduğumuzdan target: Pos pred: Neg
başlayacağız target: Pos pred: Neg
olmadıklarına target: Neg pred: Pos
yalanlanamadı target: Neg pred: Pos
almadıklarını target: Neg pred: Pos
katlanabilmek target: Pos pred: Neg
başlamışlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
kaldırdığımda target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyeceğimi target: Pos pred: Neg
söylemiştiniz target: Pos pred: Neg
saçmalıyorsun target: Pos pred: Neg
damlamaktaydı target: Pos pred: Neg
veriyorlarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
geçireceğimiz target: Pos pred: Neg
söyleyeceksin target: Pos pred: Neg
oynatmasından target: Pos pred: Neg
vedalaşmasını target: Pos pred: Neg
oynadığımızda target: Pos pred: Neg
konuşamazlarsa target: Neg pred: Pos
kestiremiyorum target: Neg pred: Pos
tasarlamamıştı target: Neg pred: Pos
getirilemeyişi target: Neg pred: Pos
tamamlanacaktı target: Pos pred: Neg
kurumlanıyordu target: Pos pred: Neg
yürütmelerimle target: Pos pred: Neg
vazgeçilmezleri target: Neg pred: Pos
anlamadıklarını target: Neg pred: Pos
yapamadıklarını target: Neg pred: Pos
etmeyeceklerine target: Neg pred: Pos
cezalandırmadan target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayabiliyordu target: Pos pred: Neg
anlamışsınızdır target: Pos pred: Neg
mırıldanıyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
düşünmediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
yasaklanmadığını target: Neg pred: Pos
yapmayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Pos
beklemediklerini target: Neg pred: Pos
bakışmalarımızdı target: Pos pred: Neg
anlayabiliyordum target: Pos pred: Neg
sevinmişsinizdir target: Pos pred: Neg
zımparalayacaktı target: Pos pred: Neg
kullanıyormuşsun target: Pos pred: Neg
anımsatıyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
yapamayacaklarını target: Neg pred: Pos
istemediklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
yiyemediklerinden target: Neg pred: Pos
acıtabiliyorlardı target: Pos pred: Neg
bulabiliyorlarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
selamlayacaklarmış target: Pos pred: Neg
heyecanlandırdığından target: Pos pred: Neg
