i target: Noun pred: Noun
ün target: Noun pred: Noun
kum target: Noun pred: Noun
had target: Noun pred: Noun
ada target: Noun pred: Noun
ave target: Noun pred: Noun
ünü target: Noun pred: Noun
din target: Noun pred: Noun
álá target: Adj pred: Adj
yüze target: Noun pred: Noun
nevi target: Noun pred: Noun
akar target: Noun pred: Noun
iman target: Noun pred: Noun
atak target: Noun pred: Noun
dama target: Noun pred: Noun
doğu target: Noun pred: Noun
erin target: Noun pred: Noun
veba target: Noun pred: Noun
yazı target: Noun pred: Noun
aşçı target: Noun pred: Noun
işçi target: Noun pred: Noun
kent target: Noun pred: Noun
elit target: Noun pred: Noun
odna target: Noun pred: Noun
önem target: Noun pred: Noun
usta target: Noun pred: Noun
öykü target: Noun pred: Noun
hava target: Noun pred: Noun
sara target: Noun pred: Noun
körü target: Noun pred: Noun
öfke target: Noun pred: Noun
ipli target: Adj pred: Adj
âşık target: Adj pred: Adj
baki target: Adj pred: Adj
akil target: Adj pred: Adj
adli target: Adj pred: Adj
kurur target: Verb pred: Verb
ölmez target: Verb pred: Verb
atsın target: Verb pred: Verb
yerdi target: Verb pred: Verb
götür target: Verb pred: Verb
değdi target: Verb pred: Verb
aşmış target: Verb pred: Verb
şuydu target: Verb pred: Verb
türer target: Verb pred: Verb
yutar target: Verb pred: Verb
varır target: Verb pred: Verb
açmış target: Verb pred: Verb
seçin target: Verb pred: Verb
ekler target: Verb pred: Verb
siler target: Verb pred: Verb
kurar target: Verb pred: Verb
tarar target: Verb pred: Verb
notum target: Verb pred: Verb
öpmek target: Noun pred: Noun
oyunu target: Noun pred: Noun
gence target: Noun pred: Noun
kısmı target: Noun pred: Noun
yönde target: Noun pred: Noun
bağın target: Noun pred: Noun
vurun target: Noun pred: Noun
aşkla target: Noun pred: Noun
tütün target: Noun pred: Noun
hadım target: Noun pred: Noun
harem target: Noun pred: Noun
anası target: Noun pred: Noun
hamam target: Noun pred: Noun
dağın target: Noun pred: Noun
grubu target: Noun pred: Noun
oğula target: Noun pred: Noun
küfre target: Noun pred: Noun
nehre target: Noun pred: Noun
dilde target: Noun pred: Noun
tanık target: Noun pred: Noun
okuma target: Noun pred: Noun
görme target: Noun pred: Noun
şiiri target: Noun pred: Noun
liman target: Noun pred: Noun
roman target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıt target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşam target: Noun pred: Noun
dökme target: Noun pred: Noun
plana target: Noun pred: Noun
okura target: Noun pred: Noun
eseri target: Noun pred: Noun
maden target: Noun pred: Noun
onuna target: Noun pred: Noun
börek target: Noun pred: Noun
içmek target: Noun pred: Noun
çalar target: Noun pred: Noun
ritmi target: Noun pred: Noun
dayak target: Noun pred: Noun
irili target: Adj pred: Adj
örülü target: Adj pred: Adj
yanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
çözen target: Adj pred: Adj
cazlı target: Adj pred: Adj
mamül target: Adj pred: Adj
konan target: Adj pred: Adj
yavan target: Adj pred: Adj
çaplı target: Adj pred: Adj
salak target: Adj pred: Adj
ukala target: Adj pred: Adj
fobik target: Adj pred: Adj
pullu target: Adj pred: Adj
yağan target: Adj pred: Adj
dünkü target: Adj pred: Adj
ısılı target: Adj pred: Adj
butün target: Adj pred: Adj
afili target: Adj pred: Adj
ballı target: Adj pred: Adj
ndeki target: Adj pred: Adj
takan target: Adj pred: Adj
beleş target: Adj pred: Adj
senli target: Adj pred: Adj
benli target: Adj pred: Adj
entel target: Adj pred: Adj
üryan target: Adj pred: Adj
azılı target: Adj pred: Adj
ergen target: Adj pred: Adj
aşılı target: Adj pred: Adj
nispi target: Adj pred: Adj
fahiş target: Adj pred: Adj
şişen target: Adj pred: Adj
hatlı target: Adj pred: Adj
ölçen target: Adj pred: Adj
gazlı target: Adj pred: Adj
üzemem target: Verb pred: Verb
akıyor target: Verb pred: Verb
atandı target: Verb pred: Verb
örtmüş target: Verb pred: Verb
edindi target: Verb pred: Verb
taradı target: Verb pred: Verb
asıldı target: Verb pred: Verb
çağırt target: Verb pred: Verb
yanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
sevmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
eşitti target: Verb pred: Verb
yatsın target: Verb pred: Verb
uyandı target: Verb pred: Verb
göçmüş target: Verb pred: Verb
okuyun target: Verb pred: Verb
seçmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
vermez target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşur target: Verb pred: Verb
silmez target: Verb pred: Verb
atanır target: Verb pred: Verb
içerir target: Verb pred: Verb
atılır target: Verb pred: Verb
girsin target: Verb pred: Verb
alınır target: Verb pred: Verb
yükler target: Verb pred: Verb
anılır target: Verb pred: Verb
kalmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
gününe target: Noun pred: Noun
gencin target: Noun pred: Noun
pusuda target: Noun pred: Noun
çıkana target: Noun pred: Noun
abartı target: Noun pred: Noun
azizin target: Noun pred: Noun
arkası target: Noun pred: Noun
çiviyi target: Noun pred: Noun
ateşin target: Noun pred: Noun
derede target: Noun pred: Noun
madeni target: Noun pred: Noun
taslar target: Noun pred: Noun
kulesi target: Noun pred: Noun
kılıcı target: Noun pred: Noun
terini target: Noun pred: Noun
ibadet target: Noun pred: Noun
karası target: Noun pred: Noun
damdan target: Noun pred: Noun
talana target: Noun pred: Noun
başarı target: Noun pred: Noun
azlığı target: Noun pred: Noun
sarayı target: Noun pred: Noun
eşleri target: Noun pred: Noun
subayı target: Noun pred: Noun
haremi target: Noun pred: Noun
çözmek target: Noun pred: Noun
dilini target: Noun pred: Noun
emrini target: Noun pred: Noun
binaya target: Noun pred: Noun
yüzler target: Noun pred: Noun
romanı target: Noun pred: Noun
silmek target: Noun pred: Noun
dönmek target: Noun pred: Noun
hatıra target: Noun pred: Noun
geceyi target: Noun pred: Noun
yoluma target: Noun pred: Noun
geride target: Noun pred: Noun
sulara target: Noun pred: Noun
yamağı target: Noun pred: Noun
silaha target: Noun pred: Noun
argoda target: Noun pred: Noun
nehire target: Noun pred: Noun
adıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
tabanı target: Noun pred: Noun
sulker target: Noun pred: Noun
alınma target: Noun pred: Noun
gereği target: Noun pred: Noun
oranda target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşına target: Noun pred: Noun
okumak target: Noun pred: Noun
gezisi target: Noun pred: Noun
ülkesi target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşamı target: Noun pred: Noun
sürede target: Noun pred: Noun
yerini target: Noun pred: Noun
hizmet target: Noun pred: Noun
bağını target: Noun pred: Noun
kurumu target: Noun pred: Noun
dönemi target: Noun pred: Noun
döneme target: Noun pred: Noun
aramak target: Noun pred: Noun
ruhuna target: Noun pred: Noun
okulun target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtı target: Noun pred: Noun
tutumu target: Noun pred: Noun
koymak target: Noun pred: Noun
öncesi target: Noun pred: Noun
çizmek target: Noun pred: Noun
diziyi target: Noun pred: Noun
görüşü target: Noun pred: Noun
sayısı target: Noun pred: Noun
düdüğü target: Noun pred: Noun
sokağa target: Noun pred: Noun
kaleyi target: Noun pred: Noun
sopaya target: Noun pred: Noun
gücünü target: Noun pred: Noun
akşama target: Noun pred: Noun
acıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
çamura target: Noun pred: Noun
havayı target: Noun pred: Noun
akıntı target: Noun pred: Noun
vakite target: Noun pred: Noun
körüne target: Noun pred: Noun
kovmak target: Noun pred: Noun
mekruh target: Adj pred: Adj
ufaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
dikili target: Adj pred: Adj
ağaçlı target: Adj pred: Adj
dışsal target: Adj pred: Adj
geceli target: Adj pred: Adj
öneren target: Adj pred: Adj
ezecek target: Adj pred: Adj
inanan target: Adj pred: Adj
ekşili target: Adj pred: Adj
besili target: Adj pred: Adj
kılcal target: Adj pred: Adj
uçuşan target: Adj pred: Adj
steril target: Adj pred: Adj
onaylı target: Adj pred: Adj
buğulu target: Adj pred: Adj
mayolu target: Adj pred: Adj
itilen target: Adj pred: Adj
nitrik target: Adj pred: Adj
zırhlı target: Adj pred: Adj
yetkin target: Adj pred: Adj
şapşal target: Adj pred: Adj
psişik target: Adj pred: Adj
miskin target: Adj pred: Adj
edepli target: Adj pred: Adj
densiz target: Adj pred: Adj
liseli target: Adj pred: Adj
trajik target: Adj pred: Adj
bencil target: Adj pred: Adj
alışan target: Adj pred: Adj
boltlu target: Adj pred: Adj
odaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
saatli target: Adj pred: Adj
eğiten target: Adj pred: Adj
uluslu target: Adj pred: Adj
faizli target: Adj pred: Adj
fiktif target: Adj pred: Adj
erecek target: Adj pred: Adj
manuel target: Adj pred: Adj
bezeli target: Adj pred: Adj
şaseli target: Adj pred: Adj
toksik target: Adj pred: Adj
rokalı target: Adj pred: Adj
duramam target: Verb pred: Verb
oğluydu target: Verb pred: Verb
dolaştı target: Verb pred: Verb
arınmış target: Verb pred: Verb
bahardı target: Verb pred: Verb
beyazdı target: Verb pred: Verb
irkildi target: Verb pred: Verb
ölmüştü target: Verb pred: Verb
demişti target: Verb pred: Verb
dikiyor target: Verb pred: Verb
kovuldu target: Verb pred: Verb
evliydi target: Verb pred: Verb
yolladı target: Verb pred: Verb
göreyim target: Verb pred: Verb
tükendi target: Verb pred: Verb
tutayım target: Verb pred: Verb
tutuldu target: Verb pred: Verb
salondu target: Verb pred: Verb
gülüştü target: Verb pred: Verb
bilemem target: Verb pred: Verb
üzmüştü target: Verb pred: Verb
iletsin target: Verb pred: Verb
delildi target: Verb pred: Verb
üflüyor target: Verb pred: Verb
oyundur target: Verb pred: Verb
arıtmış target: Verb pred: Verb
çıkarır target: Verb pred: Verb
yapılır target: Verb pred: Verb
verilir target: Verb pred: Verb
olsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
ayrıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
korunur target: Verb pred: Verb
değişir target: Verb pred: Verb
örtülür target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşmuş target: Verb pred: Verb
izlenir target: Verb pred: Verb
geçirin target: Verb pred: Verb
izleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
atanmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
içermez target: Verb pred: Verb
dönüşür target: Verb pred: Verb
bilinir target: Verb pred: Verb
denenir target: Verb pred: Verb
artırır target: Verb pred: Verb
eşittir target: Verb pred: Verb
ettirin target: Verb pred: Verb
yazılır target: Verb pred: Verb
seçilir target: Verb pred: Verb
özgüdür target: Verb pred: Verb
deneyin target: Verb pred: Verb
alınmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
ekleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
girilir target: Verb pred: Verb
eklenir target: Verb pred: Verb
çağırır target: Verb pred: Verb
yavaşsa target: Verb pred: Verb
mavidir target: Verb pred: Verb
kurulur target: Verb pred: Verb
anlarım target: Verb pred: Verb
giremez target: Verb pred: Verb
eklemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
paradan target: Noun pred: Noun
huzmesi target: Noun pred: Noun
konunun target: Noun pred: Noun
yasalar target: Noun pred: Noun
adımımı target: Noun pred: Noun
safhaya target: Noun pred: Noun
tabanca target: Noun pred: Noun
olanlar target: Noun pred: Noun
içeriyi target: Noun pred: Noun
gitmeme target: Noun pred: Noun
kalmamı target: Noun pred: Noun
hoşgörü target: Noun pred: Noun
şarkıda target: Noun pred: Noun
ortamda target: Noun pred: Noun
ışığına target: Noun pred: Noun
şartlar target: Noun pred: Noun
artmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
ablamla target: Noun pred: Noun
toprağı target: Noun pred: Noun
cebeler target: Noun pred: Noun
paşanın target: Noun pred: Noun
türbesi target: Noun pred: Noun
rekabet target: Noun pred: Noun
ökçeyle target: Noun pred: Noun
doğunun target: Noun pred: Noun
haremin target: Noun pred: Noun
kaçmayı target: Noun pred: Noun
halılar target: Noun pred: Noun
vermesi target: Noun pred: Noun
sarayda target: Noun pred: Noun
köyünün target: Noun pred: Noun
ordunun target: Noun pred: Noun
sürgüyü target: Noun pred: Noun
elinden target: Noun pred: Noun
ilgiden target: Noun pred: Noun
keşfimi target: Noun pred: Noun
yüzleri target: Noun pred: Noun
oluşuna target: Noun pred: Noun
nöbette target: Noun pred: Noun
salgını target: Noun pred: Noun
çarşıya target: Noun pred: Noun
gezmeye target: Noun pred: Noun
dükkanı target: Noun pred: Noun
hançere target: Noun pred: Noun
yolunda target: Noun pred: Noun
görmemi target: Noun pred: Noun
armağan target: Noun pred: Noun
ulaşmak target: Noun pred: Noun
kayalar target: Noun pred: Noun
selamet target: Noun pred: Noun
okumamı target: Noun pred: Noun
vatanda target: Noun pred: Noun
dininin target: Noun pred: Noun
gelenek target: Noun pred: Noun
yardımı target: Noun pred: Noun
babadan target: Noun pred: Noun
yazmayı target: Noun pred: Noun
okumayı target: Noun pred: Noun
ilişiği target: Noun pred: Noun
şeytana target: Noun pred: Noun
yolları target: Noun pred: Noun
okuması target: Noun pred: Noun
insanca target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşamla target: Noun pred: Noun
zevkini target: Noun pred: Noun
tutkusu target: Noun pred: Noun
olanağı target: Noun pred: Noun
dönemde target: Noun pred: Noun
acılara target: Noun pred: Noun
partiye target: Noun pred: Noun
sorguya target: Noun pred: Noun
üyeliği target: Noun pred: Noun
katkıda target: Noun pred: Noun
baskısı target: Noun pred: Noun
kitapta target: Noun pred: Noun
süreyle target: Noun pred: Noun
villada target: Noun pred: Noun
buluşma target: Noun pred: Noun
değerin target: Noun pred: Noun
tutumda target: Noun pred: Noun
yazmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
yazarın target: Noun pred: Noun
çizmeye target: Noun pred: Noun
güçleri target: Noun pred: Noun
dönemin target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşamın target: Noun pred: Noun
önemini target: Noun pred: Noun
nedenin target: Noun pred: Noun
güvenin target: Noun pred: Noun
iyileri target: Noun pred: Noun
surette target: Noun pred: Noun
görmeğe target: Noun pred: Noun
ritmini target: Noun pred: Noun
buharın target: Noun pred: Noun
bacalar target: Noun pred: Noun
fabrika target: Noun pred: Noun
yerlere target: Noun pred: Noun
sabahın target: Noun pred: Noun
dönüşte target: Noun pred: Noun
şemsiye target: Noun pred: Noun
akımına target: Noun pred: Noun
doğumla target: Noun pred: Noun
üstleri target: Noun pred: Noun
başları target: Noun pred: Noun
toprağa target: Noun pred: Noun
çığlığı target: Noun pred: Noun
anaları target: Noun pred: Noun
işçiler target: Noun pred: Noun
korkuya target: Noun pred: Noun
haddini target: Noun pred: Noun
akışını target: Noun pred: Noun
tepkiye target: Noun pred: Noun
eskiten target: Adj pred: Adj
şiirsel target: Adj pred: Adj
geçilen target: Adj pred: Adj
çizdiği target: Adj pred: Adj
sicimli target: Adj pred: Adj
egzotik target: Adj pred: Adj
kattaki target: Adj pred: Adj
küresel target: Adj pred: Adj
listeli target: Adj pred: Adj
dönüşen target: Adj pred: Adj
dönemli target: Adj pred: Adj
süratli target: Adj pred: Adj
fondaki target: Adj pred: Adj
etmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
varılan target: Adj pred: Adj
risksiz target: Adj pred: Adj
bıçaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
plakalı target: Adj pred: Adj
vitesli target: Adj pred: Adj
vurulan target: Adj pred: Adj
yurtiçi target: Adj pred: Adj
çelişen target: Adj pred: Adj
otlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
tavuklu target: Adj pred: Adj
havuçlu target: Adj pred: Adj
cevizli target: Adj pred: Adj
anıtsal target: Adj pred: Adj
sağılan target: Adj pred: Adj
rakamlı target: Adj pred: Adj
sulayan target: Adj pred: Adj
boyunlu target: Adj pred: Adj
paralık target: Adj pred: Adj
incirli target: Adj pred: Adj
demirli target: Adj pred: Adj
talipli target: Adj pred: Adj
yamaçlı target: Adj pred: Adj
varaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
adadaki target: Adj pred: Adj
deviren target: Adj pred: Adj
coşkulu target: Adj pred: Adj
istekli target: Adj pred: Adj
yarınki target: Adj pred: Adj
şarkılı target: Adj pred: Adj
yıldaki target: Adj pred: Adj
lardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
lerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
radyolu target: Adj pred: Adj
kadınlı target: Adj pred: Adj
yenilen target: Adj pred: Adj
tempolu target: Adj pred: Adj
yakınan target: Adj pred: Adj
haldeki target: Adj pred: Adj
bilgili target: Adj pred: Adj
bilyalı target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşatan target: Adj pred: Adj
insaflı target: Adj pred: Adj
dağılan target: Adj pred: Adj
kılınan target: Adj pred: Adj
kınayan target: Adj pred: Adj
biriken target: Adj pred: Adj
barınan target: Adj pred: Adj
bombalı target: Adj pred: Adj
hitaplı target: Adj pred: Adj
estiren target: Adj pred: Adj
kablolu target: Adj pred: Adj
bakışlı target: Adj pred: Adj
örgütlü target: Adj pred: Adj
onursal target: Adj pred: Adj
dikenli target: Adj pred: Adj
ailesel target: Adj pred: Adj
muayyen target: Adj pred: Adj
izleten target: Adj pred: Adj
durulan target: Adj pred: Adj
fitilli target: Adj pred: Adj
tahinli target: Adj pred: Adj
röfleli target: Adj pred: Adj
uğratan target: Adj pred: Adj
sindiği target: Adj pred: Adj
kadrolu target: Adj pred: Adj
tepkili target: Adj pred: Adj
yaştaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yapışık target: Adj pred: Adj
flamalı target: Adj pred: Adj
çekerli target: Adj pred: Adj
fiyatlı target: Adj pred: Adj
ampirik target: Adj pred: Adj
süregen target: Adj pred: Adj
yüzdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
medikal target: Adj pred: Adj
ünvanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
kredili target: Adj pred: Adj
bakılan target: Adj pred: Adj
kanallı target: Adj pred: Adj
antetli target: Adj pred: Adj
kapaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
nominal target: Adj pred: Adj
yoldaki target: Adj pred: Adj
küçülen target: Adj pred: Adj
baştaki target: Adj pred: Adj
mutabık target: Adj pred: Adj
aslanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
kazdığı target: Adj pred: Adj
bulaşan target: Adj pred: Adj
çemenli target: Adj pred: Adj
düdüklü target: Adj pred: Adj
ısıdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
meyveli target: Adj pred: Adj
tuzdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
üstlendi target: Verb pred: Verb
etkiledi target: Verb pred: Verb
inceledi target: Verb pred: Verb
incelmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
açıkladı target: Verb pred: Verb
romandır target: Verb pred: Verb
yakındır target: Verb pred: Verb
dinlemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
dirilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
böyleydi target: Verb pred: Verb
meşguldü target: Verb pred: Verb
takmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
geçtiler target: Verb pred: Verb
sürtündü target: Verb pred: Verb
topluyor target: Verb pred: Verb
harcıyor target: Verb pred: Verb
kurnazdı target: Verb pred: Verb
terlemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
yazardır target: Verb pred: Verb
çıkarsın target: Verb pred: Verb
çağırttı target: Verb pred: Verb
rastladı target: Verb pred: Verb
konulmuş target: Verb pred: Verb
suçluyum target: Verb pred: Verb
bitmemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
söylesin target: Verb pred: Verb
mevcuttu target: Verb pred: Verb
yüksekti target: Verb pred: Verb
umuyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
dalmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
uygundur target: Verb pred: Verb
cezbeder target: Verb pred: Verb
yaşattın target: Verb pred: Verb
tuttunuz target: Verb pred: Verb
yanılttı target: Verb pred: Verb
bölünmüş target: Verb pred: Verb
tıklatın target: Verb pred: Verb
kapatmış target: Verb pred: Verb
listeler target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
belirtir target: Verb pred: Verb
reddeder target: Verb pred: Verb
gerekmez target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanır target: Verb pred: Verb
böyleyse target: Verb pred: Verb
alıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
dışlamış target: Verb pred: Verb
gizlenir target: Verb pred: Verb
başlatın target: Verb pred: Verb
durdurur target: Verb pred: Verb
eklenmez target: Verb pred: Verb
seçmeyin target: Verb pred: Verb
açabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
unutursa target: Verb pred: Verb
nelerdir target: Verb pred: Verb
verilmez target: Verb pred: Verb
önerilir target: Verb pred: Verb
denenmez target: Verb pred: Verb
birimdir target: Verb pred: Verb
küçüktür target: Verb pred: Verb
metindir target: Verb pred: Verb
grubudur target: Verb pred: Verb
kurulmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
bildirir target: Verb pred: Verb
atmaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
basittir target: Verb pred: Verb
üyesidir target: Verb pred: Verb
kuraldır target: Verb pred: Verb
açılacak target: Verb pred: Verb
fikirdir target: Verb pred: Verb
belirler target: Verb pred: Verb
arttırır target: Verb pred: Verb
silinmez target: Verb pred: Verb
denetler target: Verb pred: Verb
etmektir target: Verb pred: Verb
yükleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
başlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
bulurlar target: Verb pred: Verb
eklenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
dahildir target: Verb pred: Verb
okuyamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
öneririz target: Verb pred: Verb
yüklenir target: Verb pred: Verb
başlatır target: Verb pred: Verb
seçersem target: Verb pred: Verb
bekleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
kapatmam target: Verb pred: Verb
paylaşın target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlamış target: Verb pred: Verb
faksınız target: Verb pred: Verb
yanağını target: Noun pred: Noun
hesabını target: Noun pred: Noun
götürmek target: Noun pred: Noun
askerler target: Noun pred: Noun
delilini target: Noun pred: Noun
polisler target: Noun pred: Noun
öldürmek target: Noun pred: Noun
camından target: Noun pred: Noun
toprakla target: Noun pred: Noun
odasıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
kucaklar target: Noun pred: Noun
kulağına target: Noun pred: Noun
saygıdan target: Noun pred: Noun
seslerin target: Noun pred: Noun
rüzgarın target: Noun pred: Noun
uğultusu target: Noun pred: Noun
başlarda target: Noun pred: Noun
çivisini target: Noun pred: Noun
yakamdan target: Noun pred: Noun
dükkanda target: Noun pred: Noun
denizden target: Noun pred: Noun
kısmında target: Noun pred: Noun
zincirle target: Noun pred: Noun
kılıçlar target: Noun pred: Noun
mezarlık target: Noun pred: Noun
saatinin target: Noun pred: Noun
kafirler target: Noun pred: Noun
yolundan target: Noun pred: Noun
zevklere target: Noun pred: Noun
saatinde target: Noun pred: Noun
çanağını target: Noun pred: Noun
oluğunda target: Noun pred: Noun
odalarda target: Noun pred: Noun
uğramışa target: Noun pred: Noun
raporlar target: Noun pred: Noun
yeğenine target: Noun pred: Noun
odaların target: Noun pred: Noun
savaşlar target: Noun pred: Noun
ağasıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
güvenlik target: Noun pred: Noun
alınması target: Noun pred: Noun
haremini target: Noun pred: Noun
tercüman target: Noun pred: Noun
saflıkla target: Noun pred: Noun
bakımdan target: Noun pred: Noun
eşlerine target: Noun pred: Noun
kocaları target: Noun pred: Noun
eşlerini target: Noun pred: Noun
bahçeden target: Noun pred: Noun
çarşafla target: Noun pred: Noun
kocakarı target: Noun pred: Noun
etrafıma target: Noun pred: Noun
parmakla target: Noun pred: Noun
hamamına target: Noun pred: Noun
hamamını target: Noun pred: Noun
izlenimi target: Noun pred: Noun
doktorla target: Noun pred: Noun
ordugaha target: Noun pred: Noun
vücudunu target: Noun pred: Noun
olayları target: Noun pred: Noun
kahraman target: Noun pred: Noun
sıcaktan target: Noun pred: Noun
topluluk target: Noun pred: Noun
akıntıyı target: Noun pred: Noun
boğazdan target: Noun pred: Noun
tedavisi target: Noun pred: Noun
mimikler target: Noun pred: Noun
derginin target: Noun pred: Noun
yazısını target: Noun pred: Noun
okumanın target: Noun pred: Noun
nefretle target: Noun pred: Noun
kurucusu target: Noun pred: Noun
olmaması target: Noun pred: Noun
tarikata target: Noun pred: Noun
hainleri target: Noun pred: Noun
lanetine target: Noun pred: Noun
dininden target: Noun pred: Noun
şeytanın target: Noun pred: Noun
savunmak target: Noun pred: Noun
bakımına target: Noun pred: Noun
özveride target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşından target: Noun pred: Noun
büyümeye target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşlarda target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşamına target: Noun pred: Noun
devrimci target: Noun pred: Noun
bölümünü target: Noun pred: Noun
sansürün target: Noun pred: Noun
dışından target: Noun pred: Noun
öyküleri target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtlar target: Noun pred: Noun
almasına target: Noun pred: Noun
etkileme target: Noun pred: Noun
yıllarda target: Noun pred: Noun
dillerde target: Noun pred: Noun
suçlular target: Noun pred: Noun
başarısı target: Noun pred: Noun
kentinde target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtını target: Noun pred: Noun
adlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
anlatıma target: Noun pred: Noun
inmesini target: Noun pred: Noun
ailesini target: Noun pred: Noun
çöküşünü target: Noun pred: Noun
alanında target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşamını target: Noun pred: Noun
insanını target: Noun pred: Noun
ikisinde target: Noun pred: Noun
uyanışın target: Noun pred: Noun
doğmakta target: Noun pred: Noun
toplumun target: Noun pred: Noun
edilmeye target: Noun pred: Noun
yaratığı target: Noun pred: Noun
havasını target: Noun pred: Noun
çığlıkla target: Noun pred: Noun
iliklere target: Noun pred: Noun
soğuğunu target: Noun pred: Noun
işçileri target: Noun pred: Noun
dumandan target: Noun pred: Noun
vaadeden target: Noun pred: Noun
kucağına target: Noun pred: Noun
kiliseye target: Noun pred: Noun
yılların target: Noun pred: Noun
mideleri target: Noun pred: Noun
mevzular target: Noun pred: Noun
zekaları target: Noun pred: Noun
karıları target: Noun pred: Noun
vahşetle target: Noun pred: Noun
attığını target: Noun pred: Noun
gençleri target: Noun pred: Noun
voktanın target: Noun pred: Noun
dövmekle target: Noun pred: Noun
kavgalar target: Noun pred: Noun
babaları target: Noun pred: Noun
istemeli target: Adj pred: Adj
sallanan target: Adj pred: Adj
yükleyen target: Adj pred: Adj
ışıltılı target: Adj pred: Adj
çevresel target: Adj pred: Adj
kutlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
kademeli target: Adj pred: Adj
yasadışı target: Adj pred: Adj
saptanan target: Adj pred: Adj
kurumsal target: Adj pred: Adj
gündüzlü target: Adj pred: Adj
fındıklı target: Adj pred: Adj
sürdüren target: Adj pred: Adj
getirili target: Adj pred: Adj
edemeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
getirici target: Adj pred: Adj
kazançlı target: Adj pred: Adj
kırılgan target: Adj pred: Adj
filmdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yağmurlu target: Adj pred: Adj
yoğurtlu target: Adj pred: Adj
kimlikli target: Adj pred: Adj
damızlık target: Adj pred: Adj
ananaslı target: Adj pred: Adj
yenmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
tarhunlu target: Adj pred: Adj
suratsız target: Adj pred: Adj
biletsiz target: Adj pred: Adj
ortaksız target: Adj pred: Adj
haşemalı target: Adj pred: Adj
devralan target: Adj pred: Adj
topyekün target: Adj pred: Adj
yemediği target: Adj pred: Adj
küfürsüz target: Adj pred: Adj
kapsayan target: Adj pred: Adj
kızdıran target: Adj pred: Adj
çitleyen target: Adj pred: Adj
birörnek target: Adj pred: Adj
başvuran target: Adj pred: Adj
kaldıran target: Adj pred: Adj
sızdıran target: Adj pred: Adj
gözlüklü target: Adj pred: Adj
gözlenen target: Adj pred: Adj
bitkisel target: Adj pred: Adj
sevdiren target: Adj pred: Adj
okuldaki target: Adj pred: Adj
almadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
okutulan target: Adj pred: Adj
yücelten target: Adj pred: Adj
içerikli target: Adj pred: Adj
ilçedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kükreyen target: Adj pred: Adj
serpilen target: Adj pred: Adj
avludaki target: Adj pred: Adj
portreli target: Adj pred: Adj
sembolik target: Adj pred: Adj
barışçıl target: Adj pred: Adj
çullanan target: Adj pred: Adj
tutuksuz target: Adj pred: Adj
paylaşan target: Adj pred: Adj
çökerten target: Adj pred: Adj
sindiren target: Adj pred: Adj
ölçüdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
tasdikli target: Adj pred: Adj
kasıtsız target: Adj pred: Adj
dönemsel target: Adj pred: Adj
ilerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kırpılan target: Adj pred: Adj
bitmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
donduran target: Adj pred: Adj
kafadaki target: Adj pred: Adj
papyonlu target: Adj pred: Adj
mapyonlu target: Adj pred: Adj
dedirten target: Adj pred: Adj
korkulan target: Adj pred: Adj
patlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
minnacık target: Adj pred: Adj
amblemli target: Adj pred: Adj
aranacak target: Adj pred: Adj
süslenen target: Adj pred: Adj
ekipteki target: Adj pred: Adj
sabıkalı target: Adj pred: Adj
elendiği target: Adj pred: Adj
destekli target: Adj pred: Adj
tarımsal target: Adj pred: Adj
sektörlü target: Adj pred: Adj
jeolojik target: Adj pred: Adj
derlenen target: Adj pred: Adj
rakıdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
benzinli target: Adj pred: Adj
kalorili target: Adj pred: Adj
karpuzlu target: Adj pred: Adj
meblağlı target: Adj pred: Adj
hijyenik target: Adj pred: Adj
katkısız target: Adj pred: Adj
mikrobik target: Adj pred: Adj
ciddiymiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kullandım target: Verb pred: Verb
incitemem target: Verb pred: Verb
tutamadım target: Verb pred: Verb
yapamadım target: Verb pred: Verb
durabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sivrilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kurmuştur target: Verb pred: Verb
yazmıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
sürmüştür target: Verb pred: Verb
bozmuştur target: Verb pred: Verb
enerjidir target: Verb pred: Verb
çekecekti target: Verb pred: Verb
toplanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
boşvermiş target: Verb pred: Verb
havalandı target: Verb pred: Verb
yaşıyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
işletiyor target: Verb pred: Verb
geçiniyor target: Verb pred: Verb
bitiverdi target: Verb pred: Verb
evleniriz target: Verb pred: Verb
uyuyorlar target: Verb pred: Verb
sürüyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
uzanmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
fırçaladı target: Verb pred: Verb
çalkaladı target: Verb pred: Verb
alırsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
yazılıydı target: Verb pred: Verb
koyamamış target: Verb pred: Verb
ilerlemem target: Verb pred: Verb
sıkıyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
önemsemez target: Verb pred: Verb
göreceğim target: Verb pred: Verb
deyiverdi target: Verb pred: Verb
varıyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
geleniydi target: Verb pred: Verb
mümkündür target: Verb pred: Verb
farzetsem target: Verb pred: Verb
öldürüyor target: Verb pred: Verb
damgaladı target: Verb pred: Verb
giriyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
çakılıydı target: Verb pred: Verb
önlemişti target: Verb pred: Verb
inceleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
onaylatın target: Verb pred: Verb
gönderdim target: Verb pred: Verb
görebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
silebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
uygulanır target: Verb pred: Verb
işlemidir target: Verb pred: Verb
özetlenir target: Verb pred: Verb
gizlenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
tutabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
eklenirse target: Verb pred: Verb
verebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
devralmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
silinemez target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturur target: Verb pred: Verb
bırakılır target: Verb pred: Verb
sayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
olmalıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
dizesidir target: Verb pred: Verb
sıralayın target: Verb pred: Verb
devralmış target: Verb pred: Verb
sıralanır target: Verb pred: Verb
seçebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
eklenemez target: Verb pred: Verb
önerilmez target: Verb pred: Verb
almalıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
varlıktır target: Verb pred: Verb
atanırlar target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarladım target: Verb pred: Verb
sayısıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
gruplanır target: Verb pred: Verb
etiketler target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlanır target: Verb pred: Verb
geçicidir target: Verb pred: Verb
nedenidir target: Verb pred: Verb
hizalıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
ekleyemez target: Verb pred: Verb
göndermiş target: Verb pred: Verb
eşitlenir target: Verb pred: Verb
taşınamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
normaldir target: Verb pred: Verb
kapatılır target: Verb pred: Verb
kaldırmam target: Verb pred: Verb
hizmettir target: Verb pred: Verb
depolanır target: Verb pred: Verb
sunabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
uygulayın target: Verb pred: Verb
olacağına target: Noun pred: Noun
ettiğimle target: Noun pred: Noun
burnundan target: Noun pred: Noun
bahaneler target: Noun pred: Noun
panjurlar target: Noun pred: Noun
karşılığı target: Noun pred: Noun
dediğimde target: Noun pred: Noun
alabilmek target: Noun pred: Noun
etkilenme target: Noun pred: Noun
odalardan target: Noun pred: Noun
kamaşması target: Noun pred: Noun
tavırları target: Noun pred: Noun
sulamakta target: Noun pred: Noun
kilometre target: Noun pred: Noun
deposunda target: Noun pred: Noun
başlıklar target: Noun pred: Noun
işçilikle target: Noun pred: Noun
şehirleri target: Noun pred: Noun
taşımakta target: Noun pred: Noun
başlarına target: Noun pred: Noun
erkekleri target: Noun pred: Noun
sefahatin target: Noun pred: Noun
uğultunun target: Noun pred: Noun
sarayında target: Noun pred: Noun
merdivene target: Noun pred: Noun
zaferleri target: Noun pred: Noun
fırtınası target: Noun pred: Noun
sırasında target: Noun pred: Noun
hareminin target: Noun pred: Noun
halkından target: Noun pred: Noun
şikayette target: Noun pred: Noun
gitmesini target: Noun pred: Noun
sormasını target: Noun pred: Noun
hareminde target: Noun pred: Noun
dönüşünde target: Noun pred: Noun
sözlerini target: Noun pred: Noun
getiriniz target: Noun pred: Noun
uzatmanın target: Noun pred: Noun
içlerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
pisliğine target: Noun pred: Noun
isteğiyle target: Noun pred: Noun
ustasının target: Noun pred: Noun
dilenciyi target: Noun pred: Noun
tedbirini target: Noun pred: Noun
zavallıya target: Noun pred: Noun
yollardan target: Noun pred: Noun
ordugahın target: Noun pred: Noun
karantina target: Noun pred: Noun
fırtınaya target: Noun pred: Noun
sularıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
ovalarına target: Noun pred: Noun
yaraların target: Noun pred: Noun
komedinin target: Noun pred: Noun
ölümünden target: Noun pred: Noun
mezhepler target: Noun pred: Noun
inançları target: Noun pred: Noun
kelimenin target: Noun pred: Noun
lanetleme target: Noun pred: Noun
tehlikeye target: Noun pred: Noun
dedesinin target: Noun pred: Noun
bakmasını target: Noun pred: Noun
sınıfının target: Noun pred: Noun
çalışmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
gemisinde target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşamının target: Noun pred: Noun
işyerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
yoksulluk target: Noun pred: Noun
sıralarda target: Noun pred: Noun
değerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
ettiğinin target: Noun pred: Noun
girmesine target: Noun pred: Noun
eğilimini target: Noun pred: Noun
aydınları target: Noun pred: Noun
aydınlara target: Noun pred: Noun
yazarlara target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtları target: Noun pred: Noun
dışarıdan target: Noun pred: Noun
bitiminde target: Noun pred: Noun
aşamaları target: Noun pred: Noun
romanları target: Noun pred: Noun
kırgınlık target: Noun pred: Noun
yıllarını target: Noun pred: Noun
biçiminde target: Noun pred: Noun
olayların target: Noun pred: Noun
mesajlara target: Noun pred: Noun
gereğinde target: Noun pred: Noun
aydınının target: Noun pred: Noun
anlattığı target: Noun pred: Noun
kitapları target: Noun pred: Noun
döneminde target: Noun pred: Noun
yapımında target: Noun pred: Noun
sonrasını target: Noun pred: Noun
romanında target: Noun pred: Noun
yayılmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
fabrikaya target: Noun pred: Noun
vücutları target: Noun pred: Noun
ayakların target: Noun pred: Noun
küfürlere target: Noun pred: Noun
mahalleye target: Noun pred: Noun
günlerini target: Noun pred: Noun
akşamları target: Noun pred: Noun
evlerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
gençlerin target: Noun pred: Noun
şeylerden target: Noun pred: Noun
gönülleri target: Noun pred: Noun
meyhanede target: Noun pred: Noun
yorgunluk target: Noun pred: Noun
giysileri target: Noun pred: Noun
zorlamaya target: Noun pred: Noun
fabrikada target: Noun pred: Noun
medyadaki target: Adj pred: Adj
işlettiği target: Adj pred: Adj
hoşgörülü target: Adj pred: Adj
yüründüğü target: Adj pred: Adj
irdeleyen target: Adj pred: Adj
geliştiği target: Adj pred: Adj
şandeyeli target: Adj pred: Adj
yetiştiği target: Adj pred: Adj
arazideki target: Adj pred: Adj
mitolojik target: Adj pred: Adj
belindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
astıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
girilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
çarşıdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
danışılan target: Adj pred: Adj
caddedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
maliyetli target: Adj pred: Adj
teredütlü target: Adj pred: Adj
yapamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
yapabilen target: Adj pred: Adj
sallapati target: Adj pred: Adj
planlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
gücündeki target: Adj pred: Adj
beğenilen target: Adj pred: Adj
planlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
çizildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
attırdığı target: Adj pred: Adj
estetikli target: Adj pred: Adj
çalışılan target: Adj pred: Adj
ulaşacağı target: Adj pred: Adj
tüketilen target: Adj pred: Adj
artmadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
bezelyeli target: Adj pred: Adj
tabaktaki target: Adj pred: Adj
marifetli target: Adj pred: Adj
büyütülen target: Adj pred: Adj
ambalajlı target: Adj pred: Adj
yiyebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşattığı target: Adj pred: Adj
korktuğum target: Adj pred: Adj
başımdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
karidesli target: Adj pred: Adj
kapatılan target: Adj pred: Adj
korunaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
gidemeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
sertleşen target: Adj pred: Adj
özümseyen target: Adj pred: Adj
karalayan target: Adj pred: Adj
hedefteki target: Adj pred: Adj
serildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
tarihteki target: Adj pred: Adj
sübjektif target: Adj pred: Adj
kitaptaki target: Adj pred: Adj
öğrencili target: Adj pred: Adj
tersleyen target: Adj pred: Adj
atılmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
tipindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kolonyalı target: Adj pred: Adj
bulamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
partideki target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşamdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
telefonlu target: Adj pred: Adj
sağduyulu target: Adj pred: Adj
öğretilen target: Adj pred: Adj
kükrediği target: Adj pred: Adj
geçildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
sanıldığı target: Adj pred: Adj
içtiğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
bakımdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
beslediği target: Adj pred: Adj
dosyadaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yılındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
içtiğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
mayıstaki target: Adj pred: Adj
tıkındığı target: Adj pred: Adj
açtıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
düşürdüğü target: Adj pred: Adj
üreteceği target: Adj pred: Adj
sigortalı target: Adj pred: Adj
tarımdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
tepkideki target: Adj pred: Adj
bozulduğu target: Adj pred: Adj
prestijli target: Adj pred: Adj
görebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
sürüldüğü target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşadığım target: Adj pred: Adj
durabilen target: Adj pred: Adj
duramayan target: Adj pred: Adj
ummadığım target: Adj pred: Adj
üzüldüğüm target: Adj pred: Adj
kalındığı target: Adj pred: Adj
çevredeki target: Adj pred: Adj
uğurlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
öngörülen target: Adj pred: Adj
giyimdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
dolardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sığındığı target: Adj pred: Adj
yüzündeki target: Adj pred: Adj
öldürecek target: Adj pred: Adj
uyarlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
öldürdüğü target: Adj pred: Adj
sıralanan target: Adj pred: Adj
sokulacak target: Adj pred: Adj
boğulduğu target: Adj pred: Adj
sermayeli target: Adj pred: Adj
mesafesiz target: Adj pred: Adj
iskontolu target: Adj pred: Adj
dönebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
dayatılan target: Adj pred: Adj
imzalanan target: Adj pred: Adj
uğratılan target: Adj pred: Adj
haftadaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sıkıştığı target: Adj pred: Adj
aylardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
alınmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
pazardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
zedeleyen target: Adj pred: Adj
omuzlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
suyundaki target: Adj pred: Adj
suçlusunuz target: Verb pred: Verb
uzlaşamadı target: Verb pred: Verb
yitirmişti target: Verb pred: Verb
tamamlandı target: Verb pred: Verb
vermediler target: Verb pred: Verb
etkilemedi target: Verb pred: Verb
benimsemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
duymamıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
besliyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
parlatıyor target: Verb pred: Verb
çalışamadı target: Verb pred: Verb
tiksiniyor target: Verb pred: Verb
zannediyor target: Verb pred: Verb
kederliydi target: Verb pred: Verb
ballandıra target: Verb pred: Verb
sürüyorlar target: Verb pred: Verb
giyiyorlar target: Verb pred: Verb
niyetlendi target: Verb pred: Verb
cilalanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
hoşlanırdı target: Verb pred: Verb
örtülmüştü target: Verb pred: Verb
konulmuştu target: Verb pred: Verb
beklemesin target: Verb pred: Verb
görmüyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
dağıtmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
imkansızdı target: Verb pred: Verb
kaynağıydı target: Verb pred: Verb
biliyorlar target: Verb pred: Verb
delillerdi target: Verb pred: Verb
lekelenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
hüzünlendi target: Verb pred: Verb
fısıldamış target: Verb pred: Verb
kemirirler target: Verb pred: Verb
hazırladım target: Verb pred: Verb
yolluyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
bildiririm target: Verb pred: Verb
edebilirse target: Verb pred: Verb
kapatılmış target: Verb pred: Verb
altındadır target: Verb pred: Verb
manzaraydı target: Verb pred: Verb
çevrilidir target: Verb pred: Verb
seçerseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlısınız target: Verb pred: Verb
gerektirir target: Verb pred: Verb
erişilemez target: Verb pred: Verb
kapattıysa target: Verb pred: Verb
engelliyor target: Verb pred: Verb
gönderilir target: Verb pred: Verb
içerebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
belirleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
girersiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
temizleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
düzenleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
tanımlanır target: Verb pred: Verb
devralınır target: Verb pred: Verb
izinlerdir target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirin target: Verb pred: Verb
özetlenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
içeriyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşuyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
durumdadır target: Verb pred: Verb
eklersiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
sıralanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
denetleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
uygulanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
durduruldu target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılır target: Verb pred: Verb
eklerseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
seçersiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlardır target: Verb pred: Verb
tanımlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
yazarsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
silerseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
sınırlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
katılmışsa target: Verb pred: Verb
denenirler target: Verb pred: Verb
atanabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
atayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
genişletir target: Verb pred: Verb
dağıtılmış target: Verb pred: Verb
başlatılır target: Verb pred: Verb
dönüştürür target: Verb pred: Verb
arşivlenir target: Verb pred: Verb
listelenir target: Verb pred: Verb
almaktadır target: Verb pred: Verb
geçerlidir target: Verb pred: Verb
listesidir target: Verb pred: Verb
yenilenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
imzalanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
duyarsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
sınırlıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
yapıldıysa target: Verb pred: Verb
gizliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
yeterlidir target: Verb pred: Verb
silinmemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kilitlidir target: Verb pred: Verb
edinebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
denerseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
eşdeğerdir target: Verb pred: Verb
engellemez target: Verb pred: Verb
ayrılırsam target: Verb pred: Verb
yuvarlanır target: Verb pred: Verb
çevreleyin target: Verb pred: Verb
açmazsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
görürsünüz target: Verb pred: Verb
sayılardır target: Verb pred: Verb
taşırsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
tamamlayın target: Verb pred: Verb
döndürülür target: Verb pred: Verb
depolanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
etkinleşir target: Verb pred: Verb
kopyalanır target: Verb pred: Verb
erişebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
alabilirim target: Verb pred: Verb
yükleniyor target: Verb pred: Verb
etkilenmez target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanırım target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydedilir target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunurlar target: Verb pred: Verb
şifrelenir target: Verb pred: Verb
arayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlayacak target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırın target: Verb pred: Verb
değilseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yanağından target: Noun pred: Noun
misafirler target: Noun pred: Noun
kibarların target: Noun pred: Noun
kaldırmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
kalplerini target: Noun pred: Noun
ağızlarına target: Noun pred: Noun
karakterim target: Noun pred: Noun
acizliğine target: Noun pred: Noun
çıktığımda target: Noun pred: Noun
fırsatları target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyafetini target: Noun pred: Noun
taşlamanın target: Noun pred: Noun
paşalıklar target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşlarında target: Noun pred: Noun
eşlerinden target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşayışını target: Noun pred: Noun
erkeklerin target: Noun pred: Noun
paşanızdan target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyaslamak target: Noun pred: Noun
gezintiden target: Noun pred: Noun
topraklara target: Noun pred: Noun
hadiselere target: Noun pred: Noun
çöllerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
yolculuğun target: Noun pred: Noun
bahçelerde target: Noun pred: Noun
bulutlarla target: Noun pred: Noun
azgınlıkta target: Noun pred: Noun
savaşlarda target: Noun pred: Noun
barbarları target: Noun pred: Noun
kaçınırlar target: Noun pred: Noun
davranışla target: Noun pred: Noun
buyruğuyla target: Noun pred: Noun
boyacılığı target: Noun pred: Noun
dayaklarla target: Noun pred: Noun
kazancının target: Noun pred: Noun
dergisinde target: Noun pred: Noun
verdiğince target: Noun pred: Noun
yazarların target: Noun pred: Noun
yayımlamak target: Noun pred: Noun
tepkilerin target: Noun pred: Noun
aydınların target: Noun pred: Noun
hırsızının target: Noun pred: Noun
yönleriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
günlerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
kişilikler target: Noun pred: Noun
kişilerine target: Noun pred: Noun
sayfalarla target: Noun pred: Noun
anılmasına target: Noun pred: Noun
zorlukları target: Noun pred: Noun
dostlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
dizisinden target: Noun pred: Noun
saptanması target: Noun pred: Noun
eylemlerin target: Noun pred: Noun
romanların target: Noun pred: Noun
portresini target: Noun pred: Noun
önemlileri target: Noun pred: Noun
eleştirmen target: Noun pred: Noun
niteliğini target: Noun pred: Noun
anlayışını target: Noun pred: Noun
yeryüzünün target: Noun pred: Noun
üstümüzden target: Noun pred: Noun
mahallenin target: Noun pred: Noun
çamurların target: Noun pred: Noun
yüzleriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
geldikleri target: Noun pred: Noun
seslerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
bırakmadan target: Noun pred: Noun
olabilmeyi target: Noun pred: Noun
meyhanenin target: Noun pred: Noun
yiyebilmek target: Noun pred: Noun
ispirtonun target: Noun pred: Noun
sokaklarda target: Noun pred: Noun
fabrikadan target: Noun pred: Noun
işçilerden target: Noun pred: Noun
yarışmalar target: Noun pred: Noun
şarkılarla target: Noun pred: Noun
düştükleri target: Noun pred: Noun
coşkunluğu target: Noun pred: Noun
arkadaşına target: Noun pred: Noun
anlatmakla target: Noun pred: Noun
öfkesinden target: Noun pred: Noun
fabrikanın target: Noun pred: Noun
yabancılar target: Noun pred: Noun
kafalarını target: Noun pred: Noun
yabancının target: Noun pred: Noun
ürktükleri target: Noun pred: Noun
kursundaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sallantılı target: Adj pred: Adj
teşekküllü target: Adj pred: Adj
etnografik target: Adj pred: Adj
patlamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
genişleten target: Adj pred: Adj
durduğumuz target: Adj pred: Adj
sistemdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yaptırdığı target: Adj pred: Adj
uyarıldığı target: Adj pred: Adj
kaptıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
sundukları target: Adj pred: Adj
kurduğunuz target: Adj pred: Adj
kurmaktaki target: Adj pred: Adj
çizdiğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
hazırlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
ayrılmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
yöneteceği target: Adj pred: Adj
gündemdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
galerideki target: Adj pred: Adj
kucaklayan target: Adj pred: Adj
yaratacağı target: Adj pred: Adj
patlıcanlı target: Adj pred: Adj
dağlardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
okunamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
tutulmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
ısmarlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
edebildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
yadırganan target: Adj pred: Adj
semtindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
başlıktaki target: Adj pred: Adj
çıkartılan target: Adj pred: Adj
küçümsenen target: Adj pred: Adj
kabarcıklı target: Adj pred: Adj
soyduracak target: Adj pred: Adj
çıkardığım target: Adj pred: Adj
gazetedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
açılamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
mercimekli target: Adj pred: Adj
yalanlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
boşaltılan target: Adj pred: Adj
konumlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
örtünmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
bütünleşen target: Adj pred: Adj
tribündeki target: Adj pred: Adj
katılmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
kukuletalı target: Adj pred: Adj
topladığım target: Adj pred: Adj
aldırmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
defanstaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sayılmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
sakatlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
kentindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
glutamatlı target: Adj pred: Adj
sarmısaklı target: Adj pred: Adj
olamadığım target: Adj pred: Adj
karşılanan target: Adj pred: Adj
müfredatlı target: Adj pred: Adj
ilimizdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
alkışlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
ulaşamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
yenilmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
çektiğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
hoşlandığı target: Adj pred: Adj
tutuklanan target: Adj pred: Adj
soktukları target: Adj pred: Adj
karıştıran target: Adj pred: Adj
adliyedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
alacağımız target: Adj pred: Adj
ödeyemeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
filizlenen target: Adj pred: Adj
beynindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
adlandıran target: Adj pred: Adj
kazandıran target: Adj pred: Adj
yaramadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
kavuşturan target: Adj pred: Adj
üretilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
doğduğumuz target: Adj pred: Adj
sattığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
yazdığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
cinsiyetli target: Adj pred: Adj
bakıldığım target: Adj pred: Adj
kaldığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
fotoğraflı target: Adj pred: Adj
yakışıksız target: Adj pred: Adj
sıvazlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
zayıflatan target: Adj pred: Adj
saplantılı target: Adj pred: Adj
sergilenen target: Adj pred: Adj
kültürdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
saygıdeğer target: Adj pred: Adj
dillerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
bastırılan target: Adj pred: Adj
bildirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
saklandığı target: Adj pred: Adj
parçalanan target: Adj pred: Adj
hükmedecek target: Adj pred: Adj
planladığı target: Adj pred: Adj
sıvazlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
hissedilen target: Adj pred: Adj
gönlündeki target: Adj pred: Adj
sektördeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kaldırdığı target: Adj pred: Adj
numaradaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sevkedilen target: Adj pred: Adj
yazdırdığı target: Adj pred: Adj
inşaattaki target: Adj pred: Adj
çektirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
reddettiği target: Adj pred: Adj
trafikteki target: Adj pred: Adj
pazarlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
topografik target: Adj pred: Adj
spekülatif target: Adj pred: Adj
özgürlükçü target: Adj pred: Adj
rahatlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
metnindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
şirketteki target: Adj pred: Adj
yapılmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
ağırladığı target: Adj pred: Adj
vurgulanan target: Adj pred: Adj
hacmindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
simgelenen target: Adj pred: Adj
süzdüğünüz target: Adj pred: Adj
kanıtlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
kıydığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
dövdüğünüz target: Adj pred: Adj
sırtındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
zencefilli target: Adj pred: Adj
frambuazlı target: Adj pred: Adj
dostunuzdum target: Verb pred: Verb
reddettiler target: Verb pred: Verb
yaramıyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
özdeşleşmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kaybolurlar target: Verb pred: Verb
farkındadır target: Verb pred: Verb
tutulmuştur target: Verb pred: Verb
yadsımıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
kurulabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
hikayesidir target: Verb pred: Verb
asilzadeydi target: Verb pred: Verb
gelmekteydi target: Verb pred: Verb
çıkartmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
doğuruyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
beslenmiyor target: Verb pred: Verb
yufkalaşmış target: Verb pred: Verb
ilgileniyor target: Verb pred: Verb
fikrindeydi target: Verb pred: Verb
vermişlerdi target: Verb pred: Verb
kurtulmaktı target: Verb pred: Verb
kızmışlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
rastlamıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
bulamıyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
kalkıyorlar target: Verb pred: Verb
içiyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
evlenecekti target: Verb pred: Verb
iyisindendi target: Verb pred: Verb
duymaktaydı target: Verb pred: Verb
başlatmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
kıskanmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
sevindirmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
canlandırdı target: Verb pred: Verb
takmışlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
portakaldır target: Verb pred: Verb
bırakıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
ödenecektir target: Verb pred: Verb
yollarsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
olmayacağım target: Verb pred: Verb
faydalandım target: Verb pred: Verb
şiiridirler target: Verb pred: Verb
edilecektir target: Verb pred: Verb
süslenmişti target: Verb pred: Verb
yetişebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kırabilirdi target: Verb pred: Verb
fırlatmaktı target: Verb pred: Verb
dağıtabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
açıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
göremiyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
ekleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
alıyorlarsa target: Verb pred: Verb
devralırlar target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlanamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
özetliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
kaldırılmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
alanlarıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
eklenmiştir target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanmamış target: Verb pred: Verb
tanımlanmış target: Verb pred: Verb
çiziliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
düzenlenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
içermiyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
kapsamlıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
içermelidir target: Verb pred: Verb
ayıklamadır target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturulur target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunuyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
şifrelenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanmayın target: Verb pred: Verb
yenileyemez target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirsin target: Verb pred: Verb
atılacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydedilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
gerektirmez target: Verb pred: Verb
yolaçabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
çözülebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılmaz target: Verb pred: Verb
uygulamadır target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılmış target: Verb pred: Verb
paylaşılmış target: Verb pred: Verb
reddedilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
devralınmış target: Verb pred: Verb
açılmıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
giderebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
denetlenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
ettirebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
azaltabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
yükseltilir target: Verb pred: Verb
üzerindedir target: Verb pred: Verb
gizlendiyse target: Verb pred: Verb
yazılabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
edebilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
özelliğidir target: Verb pred: Verb
olabilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
yerleştirin target: Verb pred: Verb
yazdırılmış target: Verb pred: Verb
alınacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
tepeciğinin target: Noun pred: Noun
pantolonumu target: Noun pred: Noun
gidenlerden target: Noun pred: Noun
gittiğimden target: Noun pred: Noun
gezintileri target: Noun pred: Noun
taklidinden target: Noun pred: Noun
sandalyenin target: Noun pred: Noun
söylenenler target: Noun pred: Noun
geleceğimle target: Noun pred: Noun
ellerinizle target: Noun pred: Noun
büyütenlere target: Noun pred: Noun
kollarımdan target: Noun pred: Noun
kasabasında target: Noun pred: Noun
taşlarından target: Noun pred: Noun
peygamberin target: Noun pred: Noun
kocakarılar target: Noun pred: Noun
yerlerinden target: Noun pred: Noun
merdivenden target: Noun pred: Noun
izlenimleri target: Noun pred: Noun
güvenlikten target: Noun pred: Noun
fincanlarla target: Noun pred: Noun
tercümesini target: Noun pred: Noun
hizmetçiler target: Noun pred: Noun
dinlememeye target: Noun pred: Noun
pabuçlarına target: Noun pred: Noun
çıkarmamamı target: Noun pred: Noun
hademesinin target: Noun pred: Noun
vebalıların target: Noun pred: Noun
vedalaşmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
ayaklanmaya target: Noun pred: Noun
yaylasından target: Noun pred: Noun
ışınlarıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
karşılanmam target: Noun pred: Noun
söylememeye target: Noun pred: Noun
şehirlerine target: Noun pred: Noun
sokaklardan target: Noun pred: Noun
çevirmesine target: Noun pred: Noun
girişiminde target: Noun pred: Noun
kasabalarda target: Noun pred: Noun
düşünceleri target: Noun pred: Noun
tüberküloza target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
yayılmasına target: Noun pred: Noun
deneyimleri target: Noun pred: Noun
niteliğinde target: Noun pred: Noun
gazetesinde target: Noun pred: Noun
tanınmasını target: Noun pred: Noun
yansımaları target: Noun pred: Noun
açmazlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
öğretisinin target: Noun pred: Noun
anlatımıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
özellikleri target: Noun pred: Noun
yaklaşımını target: Noun pred: Noun
çözümlemeye target: Noun pred: Noun
boyutlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
yükselişini target: Noun pred: Noun
özgeçmişini target: Noun pred: Noun
yazarlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
mahkûmların target: Noun pred: Noun
görüşlerine target: Noun pred: Noun
alanlarında target: Noun pred: Noun
öykülerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
düşüncesini target: Noun pred: Noun
hayatımızın target: Noun pred: Noun
sahteliğini target: Noun pred: Noun
alçaklığını target: Noun pred: Noun
lambalardan target: Noun pred: Noun
makinaların target: Noun pred: Noun
karşılamaya target: Noun pred: Noun
değişmesine target: Noun pred: Noun
zevkleriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
giysilerini target: Noun pred: Noun
iştahlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
komşularına target: Noun pred: Noun
zavallıları target: Noun pred: Noun
tekdüzeliğe target: Noun pred: Noun
belirttiğim target: Adj pred: Adj
hızlandıran target: Adj pred: Adj
gelişmediği target: Adj pred: Adj
ummadığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
koruyabilen target: Adj pred: Adj
ilçelerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
satılamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
operasyonel target: Adj pred: Adj
uyduramayan target: Adj pred: Adj
ticaretteki target: Adj pred: Adj
kararındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
evlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
hazırlıksız target: Adj pred: Adj
izlediğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
sınıfındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
eklediğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
filmlerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
tanımladığı target: Adj pred: Adj
döşeğindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
zeytinyağlı target: Adj pred: Adj
bakamadığım target: Adj pred: Adj
harmanlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
istatistiki target: Adj pred: Adj
önerdikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
efsaneleşen target: Adj pred: Adj
içmediğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
esirgediğim target: Adj pred: Adj
basınındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
ulaştığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
özlediğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
edindiğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
hazzetmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
çıkışındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
bahsetmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
savunmadaki target: Adj pred: Adj
içlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yazısındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
durumundaki target: Adj pred: Adj
iktidardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
ilçesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
tutulmadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
illerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
düzenelenen target: Adj pred: Adj
incelendiği target: Adj pred: Adj
kullanmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
önemsemeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
kuşkonmazlı target: Adj pred: Adj
inandığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
siyasetteki target: Adj pred: Adj
tetiklediği target: Adj pred: Adj
güneyindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
olmadıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
ulaştıracak target: Adj pred: Adj
sürecindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
öğretildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
sulandırıcı target: Adj pred: Adj
fakültedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
beklemediği target: Adj pred: Adj
toplayacağı target: Adj pred: Adj
sergilediği target: Adj pred: Adj
ülkesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
inandıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
yerleştiren target: Adj pred: Adj
düşünebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
verilebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
yaptırdığım target: Adj pred: Adj
göstermeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
yollayacağı target: Adj pred: Adj
edindikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
parasındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
değerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
getiremeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
yanınızdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
biletindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
senesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
sunacağımız target: Adj pred: Adj
bıçağındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
arşivindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
davranmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
alınamadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
talebindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
tutarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
dilediğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
yasalaşacak target: Adj pred: Adj
girişindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
artışındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yönlendiren target: Adj pred: Adj
kesimindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
adresindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
midemizdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
çırptığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
fonksiyonel target: Adj pred: Adj
saçmalıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
kovamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
düşüncedeyim target: Verb pred: Verb
dayanamazdım target: Verb pred: Verb
başlanmıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
etkilemiştir target: Verb pred: Verb
bağışlayayım target: Verb pred: Verb
anlatmıyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
gardiyanıydı target: Verb pred: Verb
izliyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
reddediyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
inceliyorlar target: Verb pred: Verb
veriyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
cilalanmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
göndermişler target: Verb pred: Verb
bekliyeceğiz target: Verb pred: Verb
sürüklemişti target: Verb pred: Verb
bildiriyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
bekleniyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
göndereceğim target: Verb pred: Verb
kanısındaydı target: Verb pred: Verb
düşülecektir target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
reddediyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
soyundasınız target: Verb pred: Verb
yürüseydiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
küçümsüyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştığıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
bulamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
erişilemiyor target: Verb pred: Verb
yükseltilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
içermektedir target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanamıyor target: Verb pred: Verb
kaybediyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
yapamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunursanız target: Verb pred: Verb
vermelisiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
başlatabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenir target: Verb pred: Verb
gösterebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
vermemesidir target: Verb pred: Verb
adlandırılır target: Verb pred: Verb
toplayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülemez target: Verb pred: Verb
yaşıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
göremezseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kaybolabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sıfırlamayın target: Verb pred: Verb
kurtarılamaz target: Verb pred: Verb
erişemiyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
taşıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
anlatacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
dönüştürülür target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydolabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
topluluğudur target: Verb pred: Verb
önceliklidir target: Verb pred: Verb
kapsayıcıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
bilgileridir target: Verb pred: Verb
seçemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırılır target: Verb pred: Verb
yoksayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
belirtebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
erişilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılırsa target: Verb pred: Verb
açmadıysanız target: Verb pred: Verb
seçmelisiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yazıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
özelliktedir target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunmuyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
yapacaksanız target: Verb pred: Verb
sonlandırmam target: Verb pred: Verb
geçirmelidir target: Verb pred: Verb
kaldırıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülüyor target: Verb pred: Verb
görmelisiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlamalıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
arttırabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
gösteriyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
silemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yorulduğunda target: Noun pred: Noun
gezintilerin target: Noun pred: Noun
sevecenlikle target: Noun pred: Noun
demircilerle target: Noun pred: Noun
nasihatlerin target: Noun pred: Noun
şehirlerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
kemerleriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
işlemediğini target: Noun pred: Noun
başkomutanın target: Noun pred: Noun
dileklerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
içoğlanların target: Noun pred: Noun
dolaylarında target: Noun pred: Noun
başkomutanla target: Noun pred: Noun
oğullarından target: Noun pred: Noun
pencerelerde target: Noun pred: Noun
komutanımdan target: Noun pred: Noun
pencereciğin target: Noun pred: Noun
karantinanın target: Noun pred: Noun
yakınlarında target: Noun pred: Noun
büyüklüğüyle target: Noun pred: Noun
kahkahalarla target: Noun pred: Noun
kitaplarının target: Noun pred: Noun
kelimelerini target: Noun pred: Noun
kullanmamaya target: Noun pred: Noun
başladığında target: Noun pred: Noun
ustalarından target: Noun pred: Noun
oyunlarından target: Noun pred: Noun
burevestnike target: Noun pred: Noun
düşüncelerin target: Noun pred: Noun
eleştirisine target: Noun pred: Noun
çalışmalarla target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtlarıyla target: Noun pred: Noun
yansızlığını target: Noun pred: Noun
devrimcilere target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtlarında target: Noun pred: Noun
yazarlarının target: Noun pred: Noun
kapitalizmin target: Noun pred: Noun
romanlarının target: Noun pred: Noun
başlangıçlar target: Noun pred: Noun
suçlanmasına target: Noun pred: Noun
düşmanlarını target: Noun pred: Noun
başyapıtları target: Noun pred: Noun
kazanmasının target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtlarının target: Noun pred: Noun
mücadelesini target: Noun pred: Noun
mahallesinde target: Noun pred: Noun
ciğerlerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
işlemesinden target: Noun pred: Noun
egemenliğini target: Noun pred: Noun
vücutlarının target: Noun pred: Noun
hissettirmek target: Noun pred: Noun
makinalardan target: Noun pred: Noun
edemedikleri target: Noun pred: Noun
ilişkilerine target: Noun pred: Noun
davranışlara target: Noun pred: Noun
çocukalarını target: Noun pred: Noun
sarhoşluklar target: Noun pred: Noun
söyleyenleri target: Noun pred: Noun
mahallelinin target: Noun pred: Noun
olmamalarına target: Noun pred: Noun
değişikliğin target: Noun pred: Noun
programlayan target: Adj pred: Adj
sokmadığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
karıştırılan target: Adj pred: Adj
getirdiğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
kurulduğumuz target: Adj pred: Adj
topladıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
verdirilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
bünyesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
belirlenecek target: Adj pred: Adj
yurtiçindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
bulunmayacak target: Adj pred: Adj
aracınızdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yayımlandığı target: Adj pred: Adj
hobileştiren target: Adj pred: Adj
çıkardığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
savaştığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
buluşturacak target: Adj pred: Adj
insanlardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
randevulaşan target: Adj pred: Adj
sivribiberli target: Adj pred: Adj
kulaklardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
arazisindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
barındırılan target: Adj pred: Adj
sağıldıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
kapasitedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
öğrendikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
öğrendiğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
haftalardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
kazandığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
zorladığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
söyleyebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
tribünündeki target: Adj pred: Adj
karıştıracak target: Adj pred: Adj
toplarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
bilinmeyenli target: Adj pred: Adj
partilerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
maddelerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
günlerimdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kısımlardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
anlaşamadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
çıkartıldığı target: Adj pred: Adj
vergisindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kazandığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
maiyetindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
gözlemlediği target: Adj pred: Adj
kaldırıldığı target: Adj pred: Adj
beğenilmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
karşımızdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
uygulanmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
istihdamdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
miktarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
dallarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
dönemlerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yapmadıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
gösteremeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
düşündüğümüz target: Adj pred: Adj
kırıldığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
bırakmayacak target: Adj pred: Adj
katıldığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
okulumuzdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sağlayabilen target: Adj pred: Adj
sorunlardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
üretimindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
ferahlatacak target: Adj pred: Adj
durumlardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
reklamındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
katabileceği target: Adj pred: Adj
kapattırılan target: Adj pred: Adj
yürüyemediği target: Adj pred: Adj
ihalesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
açıklanmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
kutladıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
konuştukları target: Adj pred: Adj
hazırlandığı target: Adj pred: Adj
çözünürlüklü target: Adj pred: Adj
parlayabilen target: Adj pred: Adj
bildirildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
yararlanacak target: Adj pred: Adj
bulaştıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
grubumuzdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
üzerimizdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
biriktirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
enstrümantal target: Adj pred: Adj
çıkardığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
indirgendiği target: Adj pred: Adj
doğradığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
serinlettiği target: Adj pred: Adj
oturmayacağım target: Verb pred: Verb
kovmuyorsunuz target: Verb pred: Verb
tamamlamıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
kaplıyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
emrediliyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
duyulmaktaydı target: Verb pred: Verb
korkuyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
karşılaşmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
müsamahasızdı target: Verb pred: Verb
oturuyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
düşünmekteydi target: Verb pred: Verb
önemsemiyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
konuşulacaktı target: Verb pred: Verb
hazırlanmıştı target: Verb pred: Verb
kanaatindeyim target: Verb pred: Verb
ilerleyemiyor target: Verb pred: Verb
yansımaktaydı target: Verb pred: Verb
incitmekteydi target: Verb pred: Verb
harcanacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
seçeceklerdir target: Verb pred: Verb
konmayacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
karıştırılmam target: Verb pred: Verb
geçirebilirim target: Verb pred: Verb
çerçevelenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
tutturulmuştu target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunmaktadır target: Verb pred: Verb
katılamıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
olabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenmez target: Verb pred: Verb
atayabilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
hizalayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
etkileyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
özetlenebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sınırlamıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
etkinleştirin target: Verb pred: Verb
özetleniyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
erişemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
açıklanmıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
duymuyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
yönetilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
belirtirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
dağıtılabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sorumludurlar target: Verb pred: Verb
değerlendirir target: Verb pred: Verb
birleştirilir target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlanmıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
vazgeçerseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yetkilendirir target: Verb pred: Verb
erişebilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
destekliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
tanımlanırlar target: Verb pred: Verb
devralacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
görmüyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
açabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
tanımayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
ekleyemiyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
gönderilmemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kaybedersiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kopyalarsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
kopyalarsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
yönlendirilir target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırırsam target: Verb pred: Verb
edebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
edemiyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
bırakılmıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
eşleştirilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
ekleyebilirim target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanırsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydederseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
gönderirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
eklemelisiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yaklaştığımda target: Noun pred: Noun
bataklıkların target: Noun pred: Noun
yaptıklarımla target: Noun pred: Noun
kıyafetlerini target: Noun pred: Noun
akrabalarının target: Noun pred: Noun
gerektiğinden target: Noun pred: Noun
küçüklüğümden target: Noun pred: Noun
mezarlıklarda target: Noun pred: Noun
haremlerimize target: Noun pred: Noun
davranışından target: Noun pred: Noun
olmadıklarını target: Noun pred: Noun
edildiklerine target: Noun pred: Noun
inandırmaları target: Noun pred: Noun
vurduracağını target: Noun pred: Noun
söylentisinde target: Noun pred: Noun
mezheplerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
mensuplarının target: Noun pred: Noun
anneannesiyle target: Noun pred: Noun
ayrılmalarına target: Noun pred: Noun
kademeleriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
işverenlerini target: Noun pred: Noun
benimsetilmek target: Noun pred: Noun
yapıtlarından target: Noun pred: Noun
çalışmalarını target: Noun pred: Noun
benimsemesine target: Noun pred: Noun
çevrilmesiyle target: Noun pred: Noun
pencelerinden target: Noun pred: Noun
yaşadıklarını target: Noun pred: Noun
döndüklerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
yabancılardan target: Noun pred: Noun
zihinlerinden target: Noun pred: Noun
tasarımındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
halihazırdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
açıklanamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
sepetinizdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
getirilemeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
hissettirecek target: Adj pred: Adj
yapılmayacağı target: Adj pred: Adj
klasmanındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
filmlerimdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
eteklerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kapatabilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
ısmarlanmayan target: Adj pred: Adj
yanıbaşındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
güçlendirecek target: Adj pred: Adj
yenemediğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
başlattıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
atışlarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
kaybettiğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
belirttikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
rahatsızlanan target: Adj pred: Adj
aktarabilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
düzenleyeceği target: Adj pred: Adj
yaşlandıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
doğumevindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
parçalayacağı target: Adj pred: Adj
körelttiğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
üstlendikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
derslerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
siyasetindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
enflasyondaki target: Adj pred: Adj
kazanacağımız target: Adj pred: Adj
eğlendirmeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
vazgeçemediği target: Adj pred: Adj
oranlarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
sektörlerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
ihracatındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
bulamadığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
piyasalardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yönlendirecek target: Adj pred: Adj
kademesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
faizlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
planladığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
kesinleştiren target: Adj pred: Adj
gazetelerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
uygulanmadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
ülkelerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
hızlandırdığı target: Adj pred: Adj
anlayışındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
piyasasındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
segmentindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kilometredeki target: Adj pred: Adj
koltuklardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
seslendirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
ebatlarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
anlatıyorsunuz target: Verb pred: Verb
gönderilecekti target: Verb pred: Verb
giyebilecekmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
reddedebilirdi target: Verb pred: Verb
hüzünleniyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
koyamıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
şiddetlendirdi target: Verb pred: Verb
yerleştirmişti target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanamıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
çözebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
düzenleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
devralınabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
gerektirebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
belirleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
duyabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
istemiyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
seçebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
hesaplanabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
göstermektedir target: Verb pred: Verb
karşılamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
yapabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılamıyor target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanabiliyor target: Verb pred: Verb
görebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
genişletebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sıfırlanabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturulduysa target: Verb pred: Verb
yapılmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Verb
takılmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Verb
kesebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
listelenmiştir target: Verb pred: Verb
yönetebilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
belirlemelidir target: Verb pred: Verb
yazdırılabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydolamıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanamıyorum target: Verb pred: Verb
yedekleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
silebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
getiriyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
deneyemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
verebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
tasarlanmıştır target: Verb pred: Verb
yazabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
tamamlayıcıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
yayımlanabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
şifreleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kaydedilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
engelleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sürükleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
belirlenebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
gösterilmiştir target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenirse target: Verb pred: Verb
gideremezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntüleyemez target: Verb pred: Verb
içermeyecektir target: Verb pred: Verb
duraklatabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
taşıyamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
diyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
bilebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
özellikleridir target: Verb pred: Verb
denetleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
çalışıyorsunuz target: Verb pred: Verb
çalışıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlayabilirim target: Verb pred: Verb
yinelenmesidir target: Verb pred: Verb
kopyalayabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
yayınlanabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
gidebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
gösterilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
bulundurabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
hatırladığımda target: Noun pred: Noun
veremeyeceğini target: Noun pred: Noun
çekiçlerinizle target: Noun pred: Noun
sabırsızlığını target: Noun pred: Noun
düşüncelerimin target: Noun pred: Noun
tasarılarından target: Noun pred: Noun
generallerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
görmediklerini target: Noun pred: Noun
korkaklığımdan target: Noun pred: Noun
fantezileriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
tarihçilerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
anlatmalarında target: Noun pred: Noun
değiştirmesine target: Noun pred: Noun
bırakılmasında target: Noun pred: Noun
çekiciliğinden target: Noun pred: Noun
giremeyişinden target: Noun pred: Noun
kapitalizminin target: Noun pred: Noun
sıralandığında target: Noun pred: Noun
ikiyüzlülüğünü target: Noun pred: Noun
hamamböcekleri target: Noun pred: Noun
gençliklerinde target: Noun pred: Noun
ulaşamadıkları target: Adj pred: Adj
kutlayacağımız target: Adj pred: Adj
dolaylarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
etkilendikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
tesislerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
bulabildikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
nitelendirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
genişliğindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
kulaklarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
görüntüsündeki target: Adj pred: Adj
ilgilendikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
elemelerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
durdurulamayan target: Adj pred: Adj
başladığındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
televizyondaki target: Adj pred: Adj
hazırladığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
diğerlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
değiştiremeyen target: Adj pred: Adj
ihalelerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yaptırılmadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
yayıncılıktaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yaratabileceği target: Adj pred: Adj
beğenmedikleri target: Adj pred: Adj
seçimlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
bölgelerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
isimlendirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
ittifaklardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
ekonomisindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yumuşattığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
sindirilebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
renklendirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
dilimlediğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
rendelediğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
vızıldıyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
seyrediyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
rahatlıyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
oyalanıyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
kabullenmemişti target: Verb pred: Verb
tehlikelidirler target: Verb pred: Verb
gerçekleşebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
iletebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
atayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülerseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
açıklanmaktadır target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırmasıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Verb
onarılmayacaksa target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirmelidir target: Verb pred: Verb
kaynaklanabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
sertifikalardır target: Verb pred: Verb
kaldıramazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenmiyor target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılmalıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanabilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
edinebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
düzeltemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenmezse target: Verb pred: Verb
bilgisayardaysa target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunmamaktaydı target: Verb pred: Verb
destekleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kapanmayacağına target: Noun pred: Noun
imalathanesinde target: Noun pred: Noun
konuşmalarından target: Noun pred: Noun
anlattıklarımla target: Noun pred: Noun
hizmetçilerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
eleştirmenlerin target: Noun pred: Noun
işverenlerinden target: Noun pred: Noun
devrimcileriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
kesinleştirdiği target: Adj pred: Adj
yavaşlattığımız target: Adj pred: Adj
anasözleşmedeki target: Adj pred: Adj
yetiştiremediği target: Adj pred: Adj
merkezlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
politikalardaki target: Adj pred: Adj
biriktirdiğiniz target: Adj pred: Adj
düşündürdükleri target: Adj pred: Adj
projelendirilen target: Adj pred: Adj
sözleşmesindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
piyasalarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
istikametindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
beklentilerdeki target: Adj pred: Adj
küçümsenmeyecek target: Adj pred: Adj
göremeyeceksiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
biçimlenmekteydi target: Verb pred: Verb
vazgeçmiyorlardı target: Verb pred: Verb
neşelendiriyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
anlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yönetebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
olmayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
çalışabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
ekleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
getirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntüleyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
taşıyabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenmiştir target: Verb pred: Verb
isteyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntüleniyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
sınırlandırılmış target: Verb pred: Verb
güncelleştirilir target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılamıyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
genişletilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
çıkarabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
belirlemelisiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanıcılarıdır target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlayamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
yetkilendirilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturmalısınız target: Verb pred: Verb
deneyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
doğrulayabilirim target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılabilecek target: Verb pred: Verb
izleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kopyalamalısınız target: Verb pred: Verb
ilişkilendirilir target: Verb pred: Verb
yükleyemeyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
gerçekleştirilir target: Verb pred: Verb
yazdırabiliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
yönlendirilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
önleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
söyleyeceklerimi target: Noun pred: Noun
istemeyeceğinden target: Noun pred: Noun
isteyebileceğine target: Noun pred: Noun
peygamberlerinin target: Noun pred: Noun
güçsüzlükleriyle target: Noun pred: Noun
getirebildiğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
indirgenebilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
canlandırdığınız target: Adj pred: Adj
başkentlerindeki target: Adj pred: Adj
cezalandırıldığı target: Adj pred: Adj
ortaklarımızdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
denkleştirebilen target: Adj pred: Adj
tanımlanabilecek target: Adj pred: Adj
hüzünlendiriyordu target: Verb pred: Verb
sürdürmekteydiler target: Verb pred: Verb
yerleştirilmiştir target: Verb pred: Verb
kıpırdatamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
belirtebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
başlatabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştiremezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
gösterebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
karşılaştırabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
çıkartabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
gizleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kaldırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntülenmiyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
tıklatabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
karşılaşıyorsanız target: Verb pred: Verb
daraltabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
tamamlayamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
genişletemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
ilişkilendirilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılamıyordur target: Verb pred: Verb
güncelleştirilmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
sağlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirebilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
paylaşabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
düzenleyemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
bulundurmalısınız target: Verb pred: Verb
yararlanamazsınız target: Verb pred: Verb
basitleştirebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
biçimlendirilemez target: Verb pred: Verb
bağlanabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kaybedebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yansıtabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
araştırmalarından target: Noun pred: Noun
edebiyatçılarının target: Noun pred: Noun
ağırlaştıracağına target: Noun pred: Noun
karşılaştırılmalı target: Adj pred: Adj
yaratabileceğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
uzaklaştıramadığı target: Adj pred: Adj
bilgilendirildiği target: Adj pred: Adj
gerçekleştireceği target: Adj pred: Adj
kompostolarındaki target: Adj pred: Adj
öğrenemeyecektiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
bulunamayacaksınız target: Verb pred: Verb
ayarlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
ortalayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılabiliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
uygulayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
işaretlemediyseniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yapılandırılabilir target: Verb pred: Verb
etkinleştirilmemiş target: Verb pred: Verb
gerçekleştirebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
oluşturucusuysanız target: Verb pred: Verb
güncelleştirebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
depolayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
özetleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
boşvermişliklerini target: Noun pred: Noun
ısmarlayabilecekmiş target: Verb pred: Verb
düzenleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
değiştirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
sürükleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
tanımlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntüleyemezsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
etkinleştirilebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
genişletebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
yükseltilebiliyorsa target: Verb pred: Verb
hazırlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
belirleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
güncelleştirirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
sınırlayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
denetleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
sabitleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
çalıştırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
kullanılamayacaktır target: Verb pred: Verb
hesaplayabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
bilgilendirilmediği target: Adj pred: Adj
gerçekleştirdiğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
bağırsaklarımızdaki target: Adj pred: Adj
yerleştirebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntüleyemeyebilir target: Verb pred: Verb
gerçekleştireceğimiz target: Adj pred: Adj
görüntüleyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
gerçekleştirebilirler target: Verb pred: Verb
karşılaştırabilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
görüntüleyemeyebilirsiniz target: Verb pred: Verb
