söylüyordunuz target: Past pred: Prog1
paylaştılar target: Past pred: Aor
dinlerseniz target: Aor pred: Fut
konuştunuz target: Past pred: Aor
olacaktın target: Past pred: Fut
istememiştiniz target: Past pred: Aor
götürüyormuşum target: Narr pred: Prog1
diyorsam target: Prog1 pred: Aor
bindiler target: Past pred: Aor
yaptınız target: Past pred: Aor
verdiniz target: Past pred: Aor
vardınız target: Past pred: Aor
varmışız target: Narr pred: Aor
bayılır target: Aor pred: Prog1
bilirsin target: Aor pred: Past
mahvolur target: Aor pred: Prog1
kaybolur target: Aor pred: Past
evlenirsek target: Aor pred: Fut
ihtiyarlar target: Aor pred: Prog1
yayarlarsa target: Aor pred: Prog1
bilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Past
indiler target: Past pred: Aor
ettiniz target: Past pred: Aor
ayırmıştınız target: Past pred: Aor
