i target: Verb pred: Noun
an target: Noun pred: Adj
ek target: Noun pred: Verb
ad target: Noun pred: Verb
eş target: Noun pred: Adj
öd target: Noun pred: Verb
en target: Noun pred: Adj
in target: Verb pred: Noun
ol target: Verb pred: Noun
et target: Verb pred: Noun
at target: Verb pred: Noun
it target: Verb pred: Adj
al target: Verb pred: Noun
de target: Verb pred: Noun
öp target: Verb pred: Noun
öl target: Verb pred: Adj
eğ target: Verb pred: Noun
üz target: Verb pred: Adj
öv target: Verb pred: Noun
ye target: Verb pred: Noun
as target: Verb pred: Noun
iç target: Verb pred: Noun
aç target: Verb pred: Noun
ez target: Verb pred: Noun
es target: Verb pred: Noun
ör target: Verb pred: Noun
uy target: Verb pred: Noun
az target: Verb pred: Noun
aş target: Verb pred: Adj
oy target: Verb pred: Noun
er target: Verb pred: Noun
um target: Verb pred: Noun
öt target: Verb pred: Noun
yok target: Adj pred: Noun
iyi target: Adj pred: Noun
kök target: Adj pred: Verb
zor target: Adj pred: Noun
saf target: Adj pred: Noun
hoş target: Adj pred: Noun
ana target: Adj pred: Noun
bön target: Adj pred: Noun
tek target: Adj pred: Verb
has target: Adj pred: Noun
çok target: Adj pred: Noun
kör target: Adj pred: Noun
boş target: Adj pred: Noun
bir target: Adj pred: Noun
ala target: Adj pred: Noun
düz target: Adj pred: Verb
pis target: Adj pred: Noun
pul target: Adj pred: Noun
ani target: Adj pred: Noun
dar target: Adj pred: Noun
gür target: Adj pred: Noun
tiz target: Adj pred: Noun
iri target: Adj pred: Noun
loş target: Adj pred: Noun
şık target: Adj pred: Noun
zıt target: Adj pred: Noun
kem target: Adj pred: Noun
hor target: Adj pred: Noun
çın target: Adj pred: Noun
tok target: Adj pred: Noun
mor target: Adj pred: Noun
çiğ target: Adj pred: Noun
tük target: Adj pred: Noun
bej target: Adj pred: Noun
şad target: Adj pred: Verb
yan target: Noun pred: Adj
can target: Noun pred: Adj
kan target: Noun pred: Adj
sol target: Noun pred: Adj
yer target: Noun pred: Verb
alt target: Noun pred: Verb
süs target: Noun pred: Adj
top target: Noun pred: Adj
yol target: Noun pred: Adj
çöp target: Noun pred: Adj
kez target: Noun pred: Adj
rol target: Noun pred: Adj
gök target: Noun pred: Verb
cep target: Noun pred: Adj
naz target: Noun pred: Adj
nuz target: Noun pred: Adj
zan target: Noun pred: Adj
ziz target: Noun pred: Adj
dış target: Noun pred: Verb
bek target: Noun pred: Verb
ölü target: Noun pred: Adj
kül target: Noun pred: Adj
şan target: Noun pred: Adj
çöl target: Noun pred: Verb
sel target: Noun pred: Verb
çap target: Noun pred: Adj
çil target: Noun pred: Adj
ten target: Noun pred: Adj
sis target: Noun pred: Adj
kod target: Noun pred: Verb
gol target: Noun pred: Adj
öde target: Verb pred: Noun
ver target: Verb pred: Noun
bil target: Verb pred: Noun
yap target: Verb pred: Noun
seç target: Verb pred: Adj
koy target: Verb pred: Noun
gel target: Verb pred: Noun
san target: Verb pred: Adj
sev target: Verb pred: Noun
bin target: Verb pred: Noun
geç target: Verb pred: Noun
var target: Verb pred: Noun
dön target: Verb pred: Noun
duy target: Verb pred: Noun
acı target: Verb pred: Noun
ada target: Verb pred: Noun
sil target: Verb pred: Noun
kal target: Verb pred: Noun
bul target: Verb pred: Noun
kes target: Verb pred: Noun
koş target: Verb pred: Noun
vur target: Verb pred: Noun
kıl target: Verb pred: Noun
yit target: Verb pred: Noun
gül target: Verb pred: Noun
giy target: Verb pred: Noun
taş target: Verb pred: Noun
doğ target: Verb pred: Noun
sar target: Verb pred: Adj
sür target: Verb pred: Noun
sal target: Verb pred: Noun
oku target: Verb pred: Noun
saç target: Verb pred: Noun
kap target: Verb pred: Noun
say target: Verb pred: Noun
çiz target: Verb pred: Adj
yay target: Verb pred: Noun
bas target: Verb pred: Noun
biç target: Verb pred: Noun
tut target: Verb pred: Noun
dal target: Verb pred: Noun
bat target: Verb pred: Noun
bit target: Verb pred: Noun
dik target: Verb pred: Noun
ata target: Verb pred: Noun
kop target: Verb pred: Noun
sus target: Verb pred: Adj
sez target: Verb pred: Adj
süz target: Verb pred: Adj
eri target: Verb pred: Noun
coş target: Verb pred: Noun
gez target: Verb pred: Noun
uza target: Verb pred: Noun
sok target: Verb pred: Noun
sık target: Verb pred: Noun
şaş target: Verb pred: Noun
bük target: Verb pred: Noun
kaz target: Verb pred: Adj
kon target: Verb pred: Noun
sav target: Verb pred: Noun
kaç target: Verb pred: Noun
yığ target: Verb pred: Noun
boz target: Verb pred: Noun
kıy target: Verb pred: Noun
kok target: Verb pred: Noun
tak target: Verb pred: Noun
doy target: Verb pred: Noun
yum target: Verb pred: Noun
dil target: Verb pred: Noun
ürk target: Verb pred: Noun
bur target: Verb pred: Noun
tüt target: Verb pred: Noun
boğ target: Verb pred: Noun
göm target: Verb pred: Noun
kov target: Verb pred: Noun
kır target: Verb pred: Noun
yüz target: Verb pred: Adj
yık target: Verb pred: Noun
sat target: Verb pred: Noun
uyu target: Verb pred: Noun
büz target: Verb pred: Noun
tık target: Verb pred: Noun
kay target: Verb pred: Noun
bık target: Verb pred: Noun
yut target: Verb pred: Noun
şiş target: Verb pred: Noun
kıs target: Verb pred: Noun
değ target: Verb pred: Noun
piş target: Verb pred: Noun
yağ target: Verb pred: Noun
döv target: Verb pred: Noun
sığ target: Verb pred: Noun
sap target: Verb pred: Adj
sız target: Verb pred: Adj
döğ target: Verb pred: Adj
üşü target: Verb pred: Noun
sun target: Verb pred: Noun
sön target: Verb pred: Noun
don target: Verb pred: Noun
yen target: Verb pred: Adj
tap target: Verb pred: Noun
tep target: Verb pred: Noun
üre target: Verb pred: Noun
ulu target: Verb pred: Noun
del target: Verb pred: Noun
güt target: Verb pred: Noun
ölç target: Verb pred: Noun
sın target: Verb pred: Noun
emin target: Adj pred: Noun
uzak target: Adj pred: Noun
kötü target: Adj pred: Noun
koyu target: Adj pred: Noun
genç target: Adj pred: Noun
sert target: Adj pred: Verb
öyle target: Adj pred: Noun
razı target: Adj pred: Noun
kaba target: Adj pred: Noun
aynı target: Adj pred: Noun
uzun target: Adj pred: Noun
ağır target: Adj pred: Verb
kürk target: Adj pred: Noun
aşık target: Adj pred: Noun
sade target: Adj pred: Noun
reva target: Adj pred: Noun
sarı target: Adj pred: Noun
batı target: Adj pred: Noun
ince target: Adj pred: Noun
kısa target: Adj pred: Noun
yeni target: Adj pred: Noun
ufak target: Adj pred: Noun
eşit target: Adj pred: Noun
yüce target: Adj pred: Noun
taze target: Adj pred: Noun
diri target: Adj pred: Noun
öbür target: Adj pred: Noun
sıkı target: Adj pred: Noun
mini target: Adj pred: Noun
esas target: Adj pred: Noun
zeki target: Adj pred: Noun
çift target: Adj pred: Noun
dinç target: Adj pred: Noun
gebe target: Adj pred: Noun
fena target: Adj pred: Noun
özgü target: Adj pred: Noun
elim target: Adj pred: Verb
katı target: Adj pred: Noun
dışı target: Adj pred: Noun
asık target: Adj pred: Noun
akim target: Adj pred: Noun
tabi target: Adj pred: Noun
daim target: Adj pred: Noun
lüks target: Adj pred: Noun
ılık target: Adj pred: Noun
çizi target: Adj pred: Noun
muaf target: Adj pred: Noun
atık target: Adj pred: Noun
nötr target: Adj pred: Noun
akut target: Adj pred: Noun
laik target: Adj pred: Noun
apar target: Adj pred: Noun
abuk target: Adj pred: Noun
fast target: Adj pred: Noun
abes target: Adj pred: Noun
faal target: Adj pred: Noun
feci target: Adj pred: Noun
oyun target: Noun pred: Adj
alev target: Noun pred: Adj
onur target: Noun pred: Verb
kurt target: Noun pred: Verb
hırs target: Noun pred: Adj
ilgi target: Noun pred: Adj
şans target: Noun pred: Adj
omuz target: Noun pred: Adj
örtü target: Noun pred: Verb
eser target: Noun pred: Adj
olur target: Noun pred: Verb
akıl target: Noun pred: Adj
usul target: Noun pred: Adj
emir target: Noun pred: Verb
oğul target: Noun pred: Adj
ayak target: Noun pred: Adj
borç target: Noun pred: Adj
ölüm target: Noun pred: Verb
ölçü target: Noun pred: Adj
etki target: Noun pred: Adj
kalp target: Noun pred: Adj
ağız target: Noun pred: Adj
kadı target: Noun pred: Verb
ömür target: Noun pred: Verb
kast target: Noun pred: Verb
farz target: Noun pred: Adj
azar target: Noun pred: Adj
mani target: Noun pred: Adj
ateş target: Noun pred: Adj
uğur target: Noun pred: Adj
adım target: Noun pred: Verb
dans target: Noun pred: Adj
iniş target: Noun pred: Adj
okul target: Noun pred: Adj
özür target: Noun pred: Verb
plan target: Noun pred: Adj
emel target: Noun pred: Adj
asıl target: Noun pred: Adj
eşek target: Noun pred: Adj
vali target: Noun pred: Adj
arzu target: Noun pred: Adj
uyku target: Noun pred: Adj
alan target: Noun pred: Adj
aşçı target: Noun pred: Adj
ayıp target: Noun pred: Adj
joli target: Noun pred: Adj
baht target: Noun pred: Verb
sırt target: Noun pred: Verb
azap target: Noun pred: Adj
mert target: Noun pred: Verb
vaad target: Noun pred: Verb
icap target: Noun pred: Adj
reis target: Noun pred: Adj
ders target: Noun pred: Verb
cins target: Noun pred: Adj
cani target: Noun pred: Adj
atkı target: Noun pred: Adj
yurt target: Noun pred: Verb
askı target: Noun pred: Adj
öykü target: Noun pred: Adj
ayin target: Noun pred: Adj
okur target: Noun pred: Verb
gidi target: Noun pred: Verb
dert target: Noun pred: Verb
içki target: Noun pred: Adj
ordu target: Noun pred: Verb
olır target: Noun pred: Verb
ilan target: Noun pred: Adj
kamp target: Noun pred: Adj
aval target: Noun pred: Adj
avlu target: Noun pred: Adj
kedi target: Noun pred: Verb
etek target: Noun pred: Adj
edep target: Noun pred: Adj
ödül target: Noun pred: Adj
disk target: Noun pred: Adj
ofis target: Noun pred: Adj
ayar target: Noun pred: Verb
oran target: Noun pred: Adj
kart target: Noun pred: Verb
risk target: Noun pred: Adj
otel target: Noun pred: Adj
özen target: Noun pred: Adj
logo target: Noun pred: Adj
ömen target: Noun pred: Adj
ampü target: Noun pred: Adj
pili target: Noun pred: Adj
iste target: Verb pred: Noun
bile target: Verb pred: Noun
yara target: Verb pred: Noun
dola target: Verb pred: Noun
okşa target: Verb pred: Noun
işit target: Verb pred: Noun
izle target: Verb pred: Noun
ısla target: Verb pred: Noun
solu target: Verb pred: Adj
yaşa target: Verb pred: Noun
inan target: Verb pred: Adj
unut target: Verb pred: Noun
ekle target: Verb pred: Noun
kork target: Verb pred: Noun
bula target: Verb pred: Noun
çürü target: Verb pred: Noun
taşı target: Verb pred: Noun
anla target: Verb pred: Noun
oyna target: Verb pred: Noun
silk target: Verb pred: Noun
daya target: Verb pred: Noun
dile target: Verb pred: Noun
kalk target: Verb pred: Noun
uğra target: Verb pred: Noun
dene target: Verb pred: Noun
tanı target: Verb pred: Noun
uyan target: Verb pred: Adj
cıvı target: Verb pred: Noun
bürü target: Verb pred: Noun
tıka target: Verb pred: Noun
yürü target: Verb pred: Noun
çarp target: Verb pred: Adj
yıka target: Verb pred: Noun
işle target: Verb pred: Noun
koru target: Verb pred: Noun
kapa target: Verb pred: Noun
sars target: Verb pred: Adj
iliş target: Verb pred: Adj
kına target: Verb pred: Noun
ağla target: Verb pred: Noun
şakı target: Verb pred: Noun
ulaş target: Verb pred: Adj
inle target: Verb pred: Noun
oluş target: Verb pred: Adj
aban target: Verb pred: Adj
doku target: Verb pred: Noun
edin target: Verb pred: Noun
atla target: Verb pred: Noun
ısır target: Verb pred: Adj
kazı target: Verb pred: Noun
onar target: Verb pred: Noun
boya target: Verb pred: Noun
burk target: Verb pred: Noun
sürü target: Verb pred: Noun
boşa target: Verb pred: Noun
serp target: Verb pred: Adj
utan target: Verb pred: Adj
usan target: Verb pred: Adj
soğu target: Verb pred: Noun
büyü target: Verb pred: Noun
dona target: Verb pred: Noun
kaşı target: Verb pred: Noun
sark target: Verb pred: Noun
çırp target: Verb pred: Adj
susa target: Verb pred: Noun
kana target: Verb pred: Noun
elle target: Verb pred: Noun
dire target: Verb pred: Noun
beze target: Verb pred: Noun
yala target: Verb pred: Noun
övün target: Verb pred: Noun
azal target: Verb pred: Adj
uyuş target: Verb pred: Adj
ısıt target: Verb pred: Noun
avut target: Verb pred: Noun
ilet target: Verb pred: Noun
üşüş target: Verb pred: Adj
dala target: Verb pred: Noun
kuru target: Verb pred: Noun
tara target: Verb pred: Noun
uçuş target: Verb pred: Adj
öner target: Verb pred: Noun
önle target: Verb pred: Noun
acık target: Verb pred: Noun
ofla target: Verb pred: Noun
göze target: Verb pred: Noun
ısın target: Verb pred: Noun
eğit target: Verb pred: Noun
tüne target: Verb pred: Noun
alın target: Verb pred: Noun
üfle target: Verb pred: Noun
esne target: Verb pred: Noun
yont target: Verb pred: Noun
avla target: Verb pred: Noun
azıt target: Verb pred: Noun
ağrı target: Verb pred: Noun
döşe target: Verb pred: Noun
buda target: Verb pred: Noun
ağar target: Verb pred: Adj
otla target: Verb pred: Noun
özle target: Verb pred: Noun
eriş target: Verb pred: Adj
üzgün target: Adj pred: Noun
lazım target: Adj pred: Noun
ciddi target: Adj pred: Verb
kadın target: Adj pred: Noun
hazır target: Adj pred: Verb
fazla target: Adj pred: Noun
memnu target: Adj pred: Noun
büyük target: Adj pred: Noun
başka target: Adj pred: Noun
ıslak target: Adj pred: Noun
donuk target: Adj pred: Noun
beter target: Adj pred: Verb
yakın target: Adj pred: Noun
zayıf target: Adj pred: Noun
siyah target: Adj pred: Noun
dönük target: Adj pred: Noun
böyle target: Adj pred: Noun
kolay target: Adj pred: Noun
sahte target: Adj pred: Noun
dobra target: Adj pred: Noun
basit target: Adj pred: Noun
kırık target: Adj pred: Noun
kesin target: Adj pred: Noun
bunak target: Adj pred: Noun
kibar target: Adj pred: Noun
saçma target: Adj pred: Noun
ahmak target: Adj pred: Noun
enayi target: Adj pred: Noun
acele target: Adj pred: Noun
kalma target: Adj pred: Noun
azman target: Adj pred: Noun
derin target: Adj pred: Noun
körpe target: Adj pred: Noun
çevik target: Adj pred: Noun
üstün target: Adj pred: Noun
aşırı target: Adj pred: Noun
aydın target: Adj pred: Verb
çifte target: Adj pred: Noun
rahat target: Adj pred: Noun
bütün target: Adj pred: Noun
kurak target: Adj pred: Noun
özgür target: Adj pred: Verb
somut target: Adj pred: Noun
peyda target: Adj pred: Noun
nefis target: Adj pred: Noun
enfes target: Adj pred: Noun
reşit target: Adj pred: Noun
layık target: Adj pred: Noun
şöyle target: Adj pred: Noun
sadık target: Adj pred: Noun
tabii target: Adj pred: Noun
yapay target: Adj pred: Noun
buruk target: Adj pred: Noun
kuytu target: Adj pred: Verb
kalın target: Adj pred: Noun
bunca target: Adj pred: Noun
altın target: Adj pred: Noun
mühim target: Adj pred: Noun
sayın target: Adj pred: Noun
sağır target: Adj pred: Verb
olası target: Adj pred: Noun
zalim target: Adj pred: Noun
ayırt target: Adj pred: Verb
aylak target: Adj pred: Noun
yalın target: Adj pred: Noun
oynak target: Adj pred: Noun
kagir target: Adj pred: Noun
köhne target: Adj pred: Noun
geçer target: Adj pred: Verb
züppe target: Adj pred: Noun
narin target: Adj pred: Noun
peşin target: Adj pred: Noun
yıkık target: Adj pred: Noun
püskü target: Adj pred: Noun
yarım target: Adj pred: Noun
masum target: Adj pred: Noun
ebedi target: Adj pred: Verb
allak target: Adj pred: Noun
sapık target: Adj pred: Noun
nalet target: Adj pred: Noun
etkin target: Adj pred: Noun
deşik target: Adj pred: Noun
yatay target: Adj pred: Noun
ketum target: Adj pred: Noun
sabit target: Adj pred: Noun
mesut target: Adj pred: Noun
amade target: Adj pred: Noun
nadir target: Adj pred: Verb
engin target: Adj pred: Noun
takma target: Adj pred: Noun
mezun target: Adj pred: Noun
soyut target: Adj pred: Noun
zinde target: Adj pred: Noun
minik target: Adj pred: Noun
salim target: Adj pred: Noun
mahir target: Adj pred: Noun
harap target: Adj pred: Noun
edebi target: Adj pred: Noun
şehla target: Adj pred: Noun
nazır target: Adj pred: Verb
dikey target: Adj pred: Noun
karma target: Adj pred: Noun
sağın target: Adj pred: Noun
hurda target: Adj pred: Noun
konur target: Adj pred: Verb
özgün target: Adj pred: Noun
vahim target: Adj pred: Noun
şirin target: Adj pred: Noun
gözde target: Adj pred: Noun
cimri target: Adj pred: Noun
batık target: Adj pred: Noun
rutin target: Adj pred: Noun
ender target: Adj pred: Verb
idari target: Adj pred: Noun
azami target: Adj pred: Noun
içiçe target: Adj pred: Noun
maddi target: Adj pred: Verb
ferdi target: Adj pred: Verb
yanık target: Adj pred: Noun
izole target: Adj pred: Noun
habis target: Adj pred: Noun
haram target: Adj pred: Noun
meşru target: Adj pred: Noun
hazin target: Adj pred: Noun
daimi target: Adj pred: Noun
jarse target: Adj pred: Noun
ultra target: Adj pred: Noun
streç target: Adj pred: Noun
yamuk target: Adj pred: Noun
sönük target: Adj pred: Noun
cezai target: Adj pred: Noun
duygu target: Noun pred: Verb
sahip target: Noun pred: Adj
insan target: Noun pred: Adj
korku target: Noun pred: Adj
sinir target: Noun pred: Verb
sınav target: Noun pred: Adj
durum target: Noun pred: Verb
ahenk target: Noun pred: Adj
susku target: Noun pred: Adj
gergi target: Noun pred: Verb
boyar target: Noun pred: Verb
sonuç target: Noun pred: Adj
sabır target: Noun pred: Verb
sebep target: Noun pred: Adj
düşkü target: Noun pred: Adj
şarkı target: Noun pred: Adj
zaman target: Noun pred: Adj
çıkar target: Noun pred: Adj
köpek target: Noun pred: Adj
engel target: Noun pred: Adj
tetik target: Noun pred: Adj
çocuk target: Noun pred: Adj
tarif target: Noun pred: Adj
esmer target: Noun pred: Verb
görev target: Noun pred: Adj
sınır target: Noun pred: Verb
domuz target: Noun pred: Adj
yasak target: Noun pred: Adj
papaz target: Noun pred: Adj
çukur target: Noun pred: Adj
erkek target: Noun pred: Adj
değer target: Noun pred: Adj
çiçek target: Noun pred: Adj
üslup target: Noun pred: Adj
koyar target: Noun pred: Verb
keder target: Noun pred: Verb
deniz target: Noun pred: Adj
keser target: Noun pred: Adj
çizgi target: Noun pred: Adj
keski target: Noun pred: Adj
akran target: Noun pred: Adj
nedim target: Noun pred: Verb
erbap target: Noun pred: Adj
eksik target: Noun pred: Adj
dolap target: Noun pred: Adj
frank target: Noun pred: Adj
yarar target: Noun pred: Verb
yürek target: Noun pred: Adj
kaygı target: Noun pred: Verb
avans target: Noun pred: Adj
hesap target: Noun pred: Adj
döviz target: Noun pred: Adj
dolar target: Noun pred: Verb
tutar target: Noun pred: Verb
tarih target: Noun pred: Adj
iptal target: Noun pred: Adj
talep target: Noun pred: Adj
istem target: Noun pred: Verb
bilgi target: Noun pred: Adj
tepki target: Noun pred: Adj
temel target: Noun pred: Adj
cevap target: Noun pred: Adj
oğlan target: Noun pred: Adj
ısrar target: Noun pred: Adj
kalıp target: Noun pred: Adj
boyun target: Noun pred: Adj
şekil target: Noun pred: Adj
sınıf target: Noun pred: Adj
utanç target: Noun pred: Adj
canlı target: Noun pred: Adj
ziyan target: Noun pred: Adj
tesir target: Noun pred: Verb
mizaç target: Noun pred: Adj
erdem target: Noun pred: Verb
saten target: Noun pred: Adj
fikir target: Noun pred: Adj
husus target: Noun pred: Adj
inanç target: Noun pred: Adj
kadeh target: Noun pred: Adj
yargı target: Noun pred: Verb
kabul target: Noun pred: Adj
bedel target: Noun pred: Adj
şimdi target: Noun pred: Verb
fakir target: Noun pred: Adj
günah target: Noun pred: Adj
velev target: Noun pred: Adj
roman target: Noun pred: Adj
göğüs target: Noun pred: Adj
keyif target: Noun pred: Adj
ideal target: Noun pred: Adj
takip target: Noun pred: Adj
keman target: Noun pred: Adj
salon target: Noun pred: Adj
alkış target: Noun pred: Verb
tufan target: Noun pred: Adj
yavru target: Noun pred: Adj
yanak target: Noun pred: Adj
aktör target: Noun pred: Verb
bölüm target: Noun pred: Verb
müdür target: Noun pred: Verb
palto target: Noun pred: Adj
yalan target: Noun pred: Adj
nüfuz target: Noun pred: Adj
bayan target: Noun pred: Adj
sokak target: Noun pred: Adj
kural target: Noun pred: Adj
espri target: Noun pred: Adj
tören target: Noun pred: Adj
sitem target: Noun pred: Verb
ahbap target: Noun pred: Adj
mujik target: Noun pred: Adj
saygı target: Noun pred: Adj
nişan target: Noun pred: Adj
bakan target: Noun pred: Adj
koyun target: Noun pred: Adj
unvan target: Noun pred: Adj
müzik target: Noun pred: Adj
yaşam target: Noun pred: Verb
gurur target: Noun pred: Verb
istek target: Noun pred: Adj
ortam target: Noun pred: Verb
hitap target: Noun pred: Adj
gözcü target: Noun pred: Adj
delil target: Noun pred: Adj
sevgi target: Noun pred: Adj
gurup target: Noun pred: Adj
rahip target: Noun pred: Adj
deyim target: Noun pred: Verb
bıçak target: Noun pred: Adj
mevki target: Noun pred: Adj
düzen target: Noun pred: Adj
gönül target: Noun pred: Adj
zafer target: Noun pred: Adj
tutam target: Noun pred: Verb
polis target: Noun pred: Adj
havlu target: Noun pred: Adj
yaban target: Noun pred: Adj
bavul target: Noun pred: Adj
güneş target: Noun pred: Adj
diken target: Noun pred: Adj
bindi target: Noun pred: Verb
çimen target: Noun pred: Adj
çoban target: Noun pred: Adj
çayır target: Noun pred: Verb
çakıl target: Noun pred: Adj
kutup target: Noun pred: Adj
topuk target: Noun pred: Adj
mekan target: Noun pred: Adj
siper target: Noun pred: Adj
yatak target: Noun pred: Adj
çadır target: Noun pred: Verb
falan target: Noun pred: Adj
barış target: Noun pred: Adj
arazi target: Noun pred: Adj
sözlü target: Noun pred: Adj
civar target: Noun pred: Adj
silah target: Noun pred: Adj
taban target: Noun pred: Adj
tamir target: Noun pred: Adj
hatır target: Noun pred: Verb
demir target: Noun pred: Verb
duvar target: Noun pred: Adj
giysi target: Noun pred: Verb
belil target: Noun pred: Adj
çağrı target: Noun pred: Adj
bayır target: Noun pred: Verb
tutku target: Noun pred: Adj
coşku target: Noun pred: Adj
kanal target: Noun pred: Adj
istif target: Noun pred: Adj
gelim target: Noun pred: Verb
lütuf target: Noun pred: Adj
düşüm target: Noun pred: Verb
kapak target: Noun pred: Adj
namlu target: Noun pred: Adj
sinek target: Noun pred: Adj
yudum target: Noun pred: Verb
motor target: Noun pred: Adj
süpap target: Noun pred: Adj
horoz target: Noun pred: Adj
sırık target: Noun pred: Adj
çeker target: Noun pred: Verb
alkol target: Noun pred: Adj
kitap target: Noun pred: Adj
zifir target: Noun pred: Adj
evvel target: Noun pred: Adj
sergi target: Noun pred: Verb
saman target: Noun pred: Adj
saçak target: Noun pred: Adj
yazar target: Noun pred: Verb
kaçak target: Noun pred: Adj
soyad target: Noun pred: Verb
baskı target: Noun pred: Adj
sığır target: Noun pred: Verb
sakal target: Noun pred: Adj
duman target: Noun pred: Adj
ceviz target: Noun pred: Adj
akort target: Noun pred: Verb
boğaz target: Noun pred: Adj
mazur target: Noun pred: Adj
gelir target: Noun pred: Verb
kavun target: Noun pred: Adj
astar target: Noun pred: Verb
doyum target: Noun pred: Verb
kusur target: Noun pred: Adj
çörek target: Noun pred: Adj
kuşku target: Noun pred: Adj
tavan target: Noun pred: Adj
beniz target: Noun pred: Adj
verim target: Noun pred: Verb
dönem target: Noun pred: Verb
çelim target: Noun pred: Verb
gizem target: Noun pred: Verb
pürüz target: Noun pred: Adj
sahan target: Noun pred: Adj
astım target: Noun pred: Verb
filiz target: Noun pred: Adj
tablo target: Noun pred: Adj
çubuk target: Noun pred: Adj
yetki target: Noun pred: Adj
satır target: Noun pred: Verb
girdi target: Noun pred: Verb
kablo target: Noun pred: Adj
koşul target: Noun pred: Adj
ekran target: Noun pred: Adj
kesir target: Noun pred: Verb
hasar target: Noun pred: Adj
sorun target: Noun pred: Adj
işlev target: Noun pred: Adj
eksen target: Noun pred: Adj
kalan target: Noun pred: Adj
ölçek target: Noun pred: Adj
çıktı target: Noun pred: Verb
çilek target: Noun pred: Adj
sorum target: Noun pred: Verb
köken target: Noun pred: Adj
kılıf target: Noun pred: Adj
önder target: Noun pred: Verb
çanak target: Noun pred: Adj
sahil target: Noun pred: Adj
soğan target: Noun pred: Adj
kaşar target: Noun pred: Adj
sezon target: Noun pred: Adj
havuz target: Noun pred: Adj
talih target: Noun pred: Adj
kıdem target: Noun pred: Verb
yokuş target: Noun pred: Adj
moral target: Noun pred: Adj
desen target: Noun pred: Adj
motif target: Noun pred: Adj
mevzi target: Noun pred: Adj
tesil target: Noun pred: Adj
kefen target: Noun pred: Adj
gözle target: Verb pred: Noun
düzel target: Verb pred: Adj
bulun target: Verb pred: Adj
söyle target: Verb pred: Noun
benze target: Verb pred: Noun
çekin target: Verb pred: Adj
gerek target: Verb pred: Noun
bekle target: Verb pred: Noun
dolaş target: Verb pred: Adj
düşün target: Verb pred: Noun
dolan target: Verb pred: Adj
salla target: Verb pred: Noun
değil target: Verb pred: Adj
sakla target: Verb pred: Noun
evlen target: Verb pred: Adj
karış target: Verb pred: Adj
sağla target: Verb pred: Noun
kutla target: Verb pred: Noun
görün target: Verb pred: Adj
affet target: Verb pred: Noun
süsle target: Verb pred: Noun
topla target: Verb pred: Noun
konuş target: Verb pred: Adj
titre target: Verb pred: Noun
ürper target: Verb pred: Noun
bırak target: Verb pred: Adj
değiş target: Verb pred: Adj
zorla target: Verb pred: Noun
yükle target: Verb pred: Noun
bayıl target: Verb pred: Adj
kapla target: Verb pred: Noun
oyala target: Verb pred: Noun
öğret target: Verb pred: Noun
yarat target: Verb pred: Noun
başla target: Verb pred: Noun
yaraş target: Verb pred: Adj
dağıl target: Verb pred: Adj
yanıl target: Verb pred: Adj
karar target: Verb pred: Noun
öğren target: Verb pred: Adj
çakış target: Verb pred: Adj
dayan target: Verb pred: Adj
beğen target: Verb pred: Adj
güven target: Verb pred: Adj
anlat target: Verb pred: Noun
gizle target: Verb pred: Noun
bakın target: Verb pred: Noun
dinle target: Verb pred: Noun
uğraş target: Verb pred: Adj
püsle target: Verb pred: Noun
yapış target: Verb pred: Adj
eğlen target: Verb pred: Adj
gevşe target: Verb pred: Noun
geçin target: Verb pred: Adj
tanış target: Verb pred: Adj
diril target: Verb pred: Adj
kazan target: Verb pred: Adj
anlaş target: Verb pred: Adj
parla target: Verb pred: Noun
tüket target: Verb pred: Noun
suçla target: Verb pred: Noun
buruş target: Verb pred: Adj
kavra target: Verb pred: Noun
vurul target: Verb pred: Adj
fırla target: Verb pred: Noun
giriş target: Verb pred: Adj
şaşır target: Verb pred: Adj
gücen target: Verb pred: Adj
yasla target: Verb pred: Noun
kolla target: Verb pred: Noun
kavuş target: Verb pred: Adj
bulan target: Verb pred: Adj
sıkış target: Verb pred: Adj
emret target: Verb pred: Noun
bağla target: Verb pred: Noun
dokun target: Verb pred: Noun
harca target: Verb pred: Noun
incin target: Verb pred: Noun
yönel target: Verb pred: Adj
kabar target: Verb pred: Noun
yetin target: Verb pred: Noun
savuş target: Verb pred: Adj
besle target: Verb pred: Noun
katla target: Verb pred: Noun
sataş target: Verb pred: Adj
çiğne target: Verb pred: Noun
gezin target: Verb pred: Noun
yağla target: Verb pred: Noun
oynat target: Verb pred: Noun
taşın target: Verb pred: Noun
alçal target: Verb pred: Adj
çekiş target: Verb pred: Adj
gözük target: Verb pred: Noun
yeğle target: Verb pred: Noun
darıl target: Verb pred: Adj
başar target: Verb pred: Noun
sağol target: Verb pred: Adj
sevin target: Verb pred: Noun
görüş target: Verb pred: Adj
düşle target: Verb pred: Noun
boşal target: Verb pred: Adj
boyla target: Verb pred: Noun
bunal target: Verb pred: Adj
çömel target: Verb pred: Adj
sırıt target: Verb pred: Noun
damla target: Verb pred: Noun
takın target: Verb pred: Noun
daral target: Verb pred: Adj
sürün target: Verb pred: Noun
süpür target: Verb pred: Adj
bulaş target: Verb pred: Adj
sıçra target: Verb pred: Noun
küçül target: Verb pred: Adj
morar target: Verb pred: Noun
dağıt target: Verb pred: Noun
yolla target: Verb pred: Noun
birik target: Verb pred: Adj
savur target: Verb pred: Adj
defol target: Verb pred: Adj
çatla target: Verb pred: Noun
kokla target: Verb pred: Noun
süzül target: Verb pred: Adj
sesle target: Verb pred: Noun
seviş target: Verb pred: Adj
külle target: Verb pred: Noun
sözet target: Verb pred: Noun
tutun target: Verb pred: Adj
büyüt target: Verb pred: Noun
çınla target: Verb pred: Noun
tutuş target: Verb pred: Adj
irkil target: Verb pred: Adj
abart target: Verb pred: Noun
bürün target: Verb pred: Noun
savun target: Verb pred: Adj
kırış target: Verb pred: Adj
aldat target: Verb pred: Noun
diren target: Verb pred: Adj
sızla target: Verb pred: Noun
kaçın target: Verb pred: Noun
kızar target: Verb pred: Adj
dışla target: Verb pred: Noun
arala target: Verb pred: Noun
incel target: Verb pred: Adj
savaş target: Verb pred: Adj
gecik target: Verb pred: Adj
tosla target: Verb pred: Noun
hırla target: Verb pred: Noun
dalaş target: Verb pred: Adj
sapla target: Verb pred: Noun
payla target: Verb pred: Noun
tıkla target: Verb pred: Noun
tüken target: Verb pred: Adj
şakla target: Verb pred: Noun
buluş target: Verb pred: Adj
yansı target: Verb pred: Adj
patla target: Verb pred: Noun
soyun target: Verb pred: Adj
dikle target: Verb pred: Noun
kamaş target: Verb pred: Noun
kayna target: Verb pred: Noun
koşuş target: Verb pred: Adj
yönet target: Verb pred: Noun
kanla target: Verb pred: Noun
incit target: Verb pred: Noun
varol target: Verb pred: Adj
kesiş target: Verb pred: Adj
pekiş target: Verb pred: Adj
iğren target: Verb pred: Adj
dikil target: Verb pred: Adj
değin target: Verb pred: Adj
yanaş target: Verb pred: Adj
kuşan target: Verb pred: Adj
takıl target: Verb pred: Adj
aşıla target: Verb pred: Noun
kısal target: Verb pred: Adj
barın target: Verb pred: Noun
bileş target: Verb pred: Adj
yeral target: Verb pred: Adj
addet target: Verb pred: Noun
solla target: Verb pred: Noun
öngör target: Verb pred: Adj
yazış target: Verb pred: Adj
güreş target: Verb pred: Adj
sıkıl target: Verb pred: Adj
yeşer target: Verb pred: Noun
çoğal target: Verb pred: Adj
sığın target: Verb pred: Noun
ibaret target: Adj pred: Noun
harika target: Adj pred: Noun
mecbur target: Adj pred: Verb
mümkün target: Adj pred: Noun
peltek target: Adj pred: Noun
parlak target: Adj pred: Noun
bitkin target: Adj pred: Noun
düşkün target: Adj pred: Noun
şaşkın target: Adj pred: Noun
sağlam target: Adj pred: Verb
gergin target: Adj pred: Noun
egemen target: Adj pred: Noun
seyrek target: Adj pred: Noun
mahkum target: Adj pred: Noun
çirkin target: Adj pred: Noun
zengin target: Adj pred: Noun
bayağı target: Adj pred: Noun
çatlak target: Adj pred: Noun
yaygın target: Adj pred: Noun
düşman target: Adj pred: Noun
pişman target: Adj pred: Noun
küstah target: Adj pred: Noun
budala target: Adj pred: Noun
kepaze target: Adj pred: Noun
kızgın target: Adj pred: Noun
saygın target: Adj pred: Noun
durgun target: Adj pred: Noun
yorgun target: Adj pred: Noun
memnun target: Adj pred: Noun
normal target: Adj pred: Noun
aykırı target: Adj pred: Noun
berbat target: Adj pred: Noun
cömert target: Adj pred: Noun
kadife target: Adj pred: Noun
modern target: Adj pred: Noun
hırçın target: Adj pred: Noun
medeni target: Adj pred: Noun
şişman target: Adj pred: Noun
devasa target: Adj pred: Noun
manevi target: Adj pred: Noun
kıvrak target: Adj pred: Noun
coşkun target: Adj pred: Noun
müspet target: Adj pred: Noun
dalgın target: Adj pred: Noun
samimi target: Adj pred: Noun
keskin target: Adj pred: Noun
ertesi target: Adj pred: Noun
binbir target: Adj pred: Noun
dümdüz target: Adj pred: Verb
bezgin target: Adj pred: Noun
dürüst target: Adj pred: Noun
yabani target: Adj pred: Noun
düzgün target: Adj pred: Noun
seçkin target: Adj pred: Noun
girgin target: Adj pred: Noun
gevrek target: Adj pred: Noun
haşarı target: Adj pred: Noun
ziyade target: Adj pred: Noun
bullak target: Adj pred: Noun
gaddar target: Adj pred: Noun
nemrut target: Adj pred: Noun
hoşnut target: Adj pred: Noun
günlük target: Adj pred: Noun
gevşek target: Adj pred: Noun
mutlak target: Adj pred: Noun
divane target: Adj pred: Noun
şahane target: Adj pred: Noun
ticari target: Adj pred: Noun
şişkin target: Adj pred: Noun
berrak target: Adj pred: Noun
kindar target: Adj pred: Noun
sıkkın target: Adj pred: Noun
mahzun target: Adj pred: Noun
seyyar target: Adj pred: Noun
ekstra target: Adj pred: Noun
karşıt target: Adj pred: Noun
teknik target: Adj pred: Noun
saydam target: Adj pred: Verb
bedava target: Adj pred: Noun
şeffaf target: Adj pred: Noun
mimari target: Adj pred: Noun
girift target: Adj pred: Noun
empoze target: Adj pred: Noun
nafile target: Adj pred: Noun
altüst target: Adj pred: Noun
motive target: Adj pred: Noun
adapte target: Adj pred: Noun
fukara target: Adj pred: Noun
suskun target: Adj pred: Noun
mahrum target: Adj pred: Noun
fiziki target: Adj pred: Noun
yatkın target: Adj pred: Noun
revize target: Adj pred: Noun
insani target: Adj pred: Noun
beşeri target: Adj pred: Noun
rafine target: Adj pred: Noun
üniter target: Adj pred: Noun
mahsur target: Adj pred: Verb
hayati target: Adj pred: Noun
bıçkın target: Adj pred: Noun
yegane target: Adj pred: Noun
apayrı target: Adj pred: Noun
mağdur target: Adj pred: Verb
gerçek target: Noun pred: Adj
alışkı target: Noun pred: Adj
pratik target: Noun pred: Adj
tinsel target: Noun pred: Adj
kaftan target: Noun pred: Adj
ölümlü target: Noun pred: Adj
kurban target: Noun pred: Adj
efendi target: Noun pred: Verb
direkt target: Noun pred: Verb
yoksul target: Noun pred: Adj
korsan target: Noun pred: Adj
dakika target: Noun pred: Adj
direnç target: Noun pred: Adj
formül target: Noun pred: Adj
kaplan target: Noun pred: Adj
toprak target: Noun pred: Adj
doktor target: Noun pred: Verb
birlik target: Noun pred: Adj
toplam target: Noun pred: Verb
petrol target: Noun pred: Adj
sinyal target: Noun pred: Adj
rektör target: Noun pred: Verb
türban target: Noun pred: Adj
merkez target: Noun pred: Adj
yardım target: Noun pred: Verb
kardeş target: Noun pred: Adj
pırtık target: Noun pred: Adj
dantel target: Noun pred: Adj
mendil target: Noun pred: Adj
hüsran target: Noun pred: Adj
yumruk target: Noun pred: Adj
mensup target: Noun pred: Adj
takdir target: Noun pred: Verb
fırsat target: Noun pred: Verb
aktris target: Noun pred: Adj
tercih target: Noun pred: Adj
teklif target: Noun pred: Adj
mahzur target: Noun pred: Adj
hayran target: Noun pred: Adj
heykel target: Noun pred: Adj
yaprak target: Noun pred: Adj
ressam target: Noun pred: Verb
tasvip target: Noun pred: Adj
temsil target: Noun pred: Adj
yıldız target: Noun pred: Verb
ceylan target: Noun pred: Adj
zambak target: Noun pred: Adj
sevinç target: Noun pred: Adj
sözcük target: Noun pred: Adj
oyuncu target: Noun pred: Adj
balkon target: Noun pred: Adj
şimşek target: Noun pred: Adj
uğultu target: Noun pred: Verb
satıcı target: Noun pred: Adj
önsezi target: Noun pred: Adj
bilgin target: Noun pred: Adj
geleni target: Noun pred: Adj
itiraz target: Noun pred: Adj
vaftiz target: Noun pred: Adj
bodrum target: Noun pred: Verb
keklik target: Noun pred: Adj
komedi target: Noun pred: Verb
yaldız target: Noun pred: Verb
aralık target: Noun pred: Adj
dördün target: Noun pred: Verb
artist target: Noun pred: Adj
kontes target: Noun pred: Adj
toplum target: Noun pred: Verb
tahkir target: Noun pred: Adj
koltuk target: Noun pred: Adj
yoldaş target: Noun pred: Verb
öpücük target: Noun pred: Adj
sağlık target: Noun pred: Adj
gündüz target: Noun pred: Verb
çirkef target: Noun pred: Adj
yastık target: Noun pred: Adj
dirsek target: Noun pred: Verb
sarhoş target: Noun pred: Adj
tembel target: Noun pred: Adj
sandık target: Noun pred: Adj
içgüdü target: Noun pred: Verb
geçmiş target: Noun pred: Verb
olanak target: Noun pred: Adj
ilişki target: Noun pred: Adj
eğitim target: Noun pred: Verb
faktör target: Noun pred: Verb
kursak target: Noun pred: Verb
kırbaç target: Noun pred: Adj
yazlık target: Noun pred: Adj
rıhtım target: Noun pred: Verb
baston target: Noun pred: Adj
pervaz target: Noun pred: Adj
kervan target: Noun pred: Adj
ışıltı target: Noun pred: Verb
boşluk target: Noun pred: Adj
gözucu target: Noun pred: Adj
kirpik target: Noun pred: Adj
alaycı target: Noun pred: Adj
santim target: Noun pred: Verb
hınzır target: Noun pred: Adj
hırsız target: Noun pred: Adj
daikka target: Noun pred: Adj
mutfak target: Noun pred: Adj
lastik target: Noun pred: Adj
tetkik target: Noun pred: Adj
tasdik target: Noun pred: Adj
yorgan target: Noun pred: Adj
römork target: Noun pred: Adj
kıskaç target: Noun pred: Adj
mektup target: Noun pred: Adj
alaylı target: Noun pred: Adj
yordam target: Noun pred: Verb
sistem target: Noun pred: Verb
yağmur target: Noun pred: Verb
oluşum target: Noun pred: Verb
köstek target: Noun pred: Adj
mantık target: Noun pred: Adj
kapsam target: Noun pred: Verb
kasnak target: Noun pred: Adj
zincir target: Noun pred: Verb
tahsil target: Noun pred: Adj
bilinç target: Noun pred: Adj
kültür target: Noun pred: Verb
klasör target: Noun pred: Adj
sunucu target: Noun pred: Adj
grafik target: Noun pred: Adj
uzantı target: Noun pred: Verb
orantı target: Noun pred: Verb
cetvel target: Noun pred: Adj
tırtık target: Noun pred: Adj
sürücü target: Noun pred: Adj
konsol target: Noun pred: Adj
içerik target: Noun pred: Adj
menzil target: Noun pred: Adj
mahsul target: Noun pred: Adj
sektör target: Noun pred: Verb
konser target: Noun pred: Verb
boncuk target: Noun pred: Adj
fıstık target: Noun pred: Adj
konfor target: Noun pred: Adj
deprem target: Noun pred: Verb
mevsim target: Noun pred: Verb
lisans target: Noun pred: Adj
futbol target: Noun pred: Adj
taktik target: Noun pred: Adj
bordür target: Noun pred: Verb
atılım target: Noun pred: Verb
abartı target: Noun pred: Verb
fosfor target: Noun pred: Adj
stüdyo target: Noun pred: Verb
termos target: Noun pred: Adj
endeks target: Noun pred: Adj
gerile target: Verb pred: Noun
yumuşa target: Verb pred: Noun
imzala target: Verb pred: Noun
tiksin target: Verb pred: Noun
kaybol target: Verb pred: Adj
yıpran target: Verb pred: Adj
açıkla target: Verb pred: Noun
hisset target: Verb pred: Noun
silkin target: Verb pred: Noun
kaybet target: Verb pred: Noun
onayla target: Verb pred: Noun
büyüle target: Verb pred: Noun
kastet target: Verb pred: Noun
zannet target: Verb pred: Noun
ilerle target: Verb pred: Noun
yaklaş target: Verb pred: Adj
feshet target: Verb pred: Noun
kullan target: Verb pred: Adj
davran target: Verb pred: Adj
ederle target: Verb pred: Noun
hoşlan target: Verb pred: Adj
boşver target: Verb pred: Adj
paylaş target: Verb pred: Noun
mahvet target: Verb pred: Noun
bahset target: Verb pred: Noun
seslen target: Verb pred: Adj
gevele target: Verb pred: Noun
reddet target: Verb pred: Noun
yalvar target: Verb pred: Noun
seyret target: Verb pred: Noun
kekele target: Verb pred: Noun
incele target: Verb pred: Noun
kötüle target: Verb pred: Noun
mahvol target: Verb pred: Adj
vazgeç target: Verb pred: Adj
hıçkır target: Verb pred: Adj
kurula target: Verb pred: Noun
yüksel target: Verb pred: Adj
yakala target: Verb pred: Noun
kovala target: Verb pred: Noun
yerleş target: Verb pred: Adj
sırnaş target: Verb pred: Adj
esirge target: Verb pred: Noun
yarala target: Verb pred: Noun
tırman target: Verb pred: Noun
azarla target: Verb pred: Noun
rastla target: Verb pred: Noun
kahrol target: Verb pred: Adj
doğrul target: Verb pred: Adj
şükret target: Verb pred: Noun
yelten target: Verb pred: Adj
parala target: Verb pred: Noun
ilikle target: Verb pred: Noun
kırpış target: Verb pred: Adj
çapala target: Verb pred: Noun
terket target: Verb pred: Noun
farket target: Verb pred: Noun
sarkıt target: Verb pred: Noun
katlan target: Verb pred: Adj
sarfet target: Verb pred: Noun
huylan target: Verb pred: Adj
kaynaş target: Verb pred: Adj
lekele target: Verb pred: Noun
özetle target: Verb pred: Noun
etkile target: Verb pred: Noun
birleş target: Verb pred: Adj
berele target: Verb pred: Noun
çırpın target: Verb pred: Noun
hapset target: Verb pred: Noun
yinele target: Verb pred: Noun
alıkoy target: Verb pred: Noun
algıla target: Verb pred: Noun
keşfet target: Verb pred: Noun
kurtul target: Verb pred: Adj
kaykıl target: Verb pred: Adj
küfret target: Verb pred: Noun
ıskala target: Verb pred: Noun
afalla target: Verb pred: Noun
kirlet target: Verb pred: Noun
kirala target: Verb pred: Noun
serpiş target: Verb pred: Adj
arzula target: Verb pred: Noun
sıyrıl target: Verb pred: Adj
uygula target: Verb pred: Noun
üstlen target: Verb pred: Adj
çabala target: Verb pred: Noun
ışılda target: Verb pred: Noun
zaptet target: Verb pred: Noun
kahret target: Verb pred: Noun
uğurla target: Verb pred: Noun
ayarla target: Verb pred: Noun
ayıpla target: Verb pred: Noun
öğütle target: Verb pred: Noun
hallet target: Verb pred: Noun
hortla target: Verb pred: Noun
bahşet target: Verb pred: Noun
şenlen target: Verb pred: Adj
uğulda target: Verb pred: Noun
defnet target: Verb pred: Noun
püskür target: Verb pred: Noun
uyukla target: Verb pred: Noun
dinlen target: Verb pred: Adj
kıvran target: Verb pred: Adj
devral target: Verb pred: Adj
planla target: Verb pred: Noun
kaydet target: Verb pred: Noun
odakla target: Verb pred: Noun
depola target: Verb pred: Noun
önizle target: Verb pred: Noun
eşitle target: Verb pred: Noun
yönlen target: Verb pred: Adj
sırala target: Verb pred: Noun
grupla target: Verb pred: Noun
devret target: Verb pred: Noun
faksla target: Verb pred: Noun
amaçla target: Verb pred: Noun
yenile target: Verb pred: Noun
nitele target: Verb pred: Noun
çağrış target: Verb pred: Adj
sevket target: Verb pred: Noun
haczet target: Verb pred: Noun
kıskan target: Verb pred: Adj
yıprat target: Verb pred: Noun
cezbet target: Verb pred: Noun
ertele target: Verb pred: Noun
frenle target: Verb pred: Noun
yerinde target: Adj pred: Noun
sapsarı target: Adj pred: Noun
benzeri target: Adj pred: Noun
kabarık target: Adj pred: Noun
serbest target: Adj pred: Verb
fedakar target: Adj pred: Noun
dağınık target: Adj pred: Noun
muazzam target: Adj pred: Noun
kırmızı target: Adj pred: Noun
başlıca target: Adj pred: Noun
kocaman target: Adj pred: Noun
ölümcül target: Adj pred: Verb
restore target: Adj pred: Noun
şeytani target: Adj pred: Noun
alışkın target: Adj pred: Noun
kaskatı target: Adj pred: Noun
kupkuru target: Adj pred: Noun
felsefi target: Adj pred: Noun
kapkara target: Adj pred: Noun
tekdüze target: Adj pred: Noun
sarışın target: Adj pred: Noun
şairane target: Adj pred: Noun
bitirim target: Adj pred: Verb
evvelsi target: Adj pred: Verb
bedbaht target: Adj pred: Noun
çocukça target: Adj pred: Noun
zorlama target: Adj pred: Noun
popüler target: Adj pred: Noun
olumsuz target: Adj pred: Verb
alakart target: Adj pred: Verb
kombine target: Adj pred: Noun
peşpeşe target: Adj pred: Noun
güzelim target: Adj pred: Verb
acizane target: Adj pred: Noun
filanca target: Adj pred: Noun
birebir target: Adj pred: Verb
entegre target: Adj pred: Noun
kimyevi target: Adj pred: Noun
asimile target: Adj pred: Noun
topluca target: Adj pred: Noun
deşifre target: Adj pred: Noun
kılpayı target: Adj pred: Noun
yepyeni target: Adj pred: Noun
iyimser target: Adj pred: Verb
kruvaze target: Adj pred: Noun
kadınsı target: Adj pred: Verb
üstüste target: Adj pred: Noun
imtiyaz target: Noun pred: Adj
heyecan target: Noun pred: Adj
sanatçı target: Noun pred: Adj
arkadaş target: Noun pred: Adj
yaramaz target: Noun pred: Verb
koridor target: Noun pred: Verb
dokunak target: Noun pred: Adj
karışım target: Noun pred: Verb
eğlence target: Noun pred: Adj
sıkıntı target: Noun pred: Verb
misafir target: Noun pred: Adj
general target: Noun pred: Adj
ihtimal target: Noun pred: Adj
gürültü target: Noun pred: Verb
sorumlu target: Noun pred: Adj
ağlacak target: Noun pred: Adj
sözüyor target: Noun pred: Verb
bilanço target: Noun pred: Adj
kuruluş target: Noun pred: Adj
yönetim target: Noun pred: Verb
girişim target: Noun pred: Verb
başörtü target: Noun pred: Verb
öğretim target: Noun pred: Verb
öğrenci target: Noun pred: Adj
omnibüs target: Noun pred: Adj
kıskanç target: Noun pred: Adj
patırtı target: Noun pred: Verb
deneyim target: Noun pred: Verb
kontrol target: Noun pred: Adj
teselli target: Noun pred: Adj
nişanlı target: Noun pred: Adj
yetenek target: Noun pred: Adj
önyargı target: Noun pred: Verb
varoluş target: Noun pred: Adj
anlayış target: Noun pred: Verb
trajedi target: Noun pred: Verb
ıstırap target: Noun pred: Adj
ortaçağ target: Noun pred: Adj
galeyan target: Noun pred: Adj
kişilik target: Noun pred: Adj
seyirci target: Noun pred: Verb
fildişi target: Noun pred: Adj
ürperti target: Noun pred: Verb
ayrıntı target: Noun pred: Verb
ihtiyaç target: Noun pred: Adj
gelecek target: Noun pred: Adj
ortalık target: Noun pred: Adj
havadis target: Noun pred: Adj
incelik target: Noun pred: Adj
taşralı target: Noun pred: Adj
gelişim target: Noun pred: Verb
intihar target: Noun pred: Adj
ağırlık target: Noun pred: Adj
izdivaç target: Noun pred: Adj
dayanak target: Noun pred: Adj
çekecek target: Noun pred: Adj
arabacı target: Noun pred: Adj
saldırı target: Noun pred: Verb
çapulcu target: Noun pred: Adj
yaratık target: Noun pred: Adj
homurtu target: Noun pred: Verb
intikam target: Noun pred: Adj
parıltı target: Noun pred: Verb
mırıltı target: Noun pred: Verb
bulaşık target: Noun pred: Adj
gökyüzü target: Noun pred: Adj
tanışık target: Noun pred: Adj
örümcek target: Noun pred: Adj
çiçekçi target: Noun pred: Adj
belirti target: Noun pred: Verb
serüven target: Noun pred: Adj
romancı target: Noun pred: Adj
ustalık target: Noun pred: Adj
pırıltı target: Noun pred: Verb
pantalo target: Noun pred: Adj
çamaşır target: Noun pred: Verb
forseps target: Noun pred: Adj
haberci target: Noun pred: Adj
yiyecek target: Noun pred: Verb
giyecek target: Noun pred: Verb
köpürtü target: Noun pred: Verb
karyola target: Noun pred: Adj
traktör target: Noun pred: Verb
ızdırap target: Noun pred: Adj
görüntü target: Noun pred: Verb
gezinti target: Noun pred: Verb
ufaklık target: Noun pred: Adj
muhatap target: Noun pred: Adj
tanıdık target: Noun pred: Adj
izlenim target: Noun pred: Verb
tıkırtı target: Noun pred: Verb
amonyum target: Noun pred: Verb
mekanik target: Noun pred: Adj
sürpriz target: Noun pred: Adj
ihtiras target: Noun pred: Adj
kapüşon target: Noun pred: Adj
kıpırtı target: Noun pred: Verb
görünüm target: Noun pred: Verb
iltihap target: Noun pred: Adj
nitelik target: Noun pred: Adj
ikircik target: Noun pred: Adj
uzunluk target: Noun pred: Adj
uzaklık target: Noun pred: Adj
becerik target: Noun pred: Adj
ıztırap target: Noun pred: Adj
dağıtım target: Noun pred: Verb
kılavuz target: Noun pred: Adj
dağılım target: Noun pred: Verb
işlemci target: Noun pred: Verb
öncelik target: Noun pred: Adj
ekoloji target: Noun pred: Adj
domates target: Noun pred: Adj
kesinti target: Noun pred: Verb
ağaçlık target: Noun pred: Adj
indirim target: Noun pred: Verb
otopark target: Noun pred: Adj
rahatla target: Verb pred: Noun
hatırla target: Verb pred: Noun
fısılda target: Verb pred: Noun
hazırla target: Verb pred: Noun
ilgilen target: Verb pred: Adj
nişanla target: Verb pred: Noun
yudumla target: Verb pred: Noun
vurgula target: Verb pred: Noun
yuvarla target: Verb pred: Noun
körükle target: Verb pred: Noun
kucakla target: Verb pred: Noun
kenetle target: Verb pred: Noun
çatırda target: Verb pred: Noun
homurda target: Verb pred: Noun
hesapla target: Verb pred: Noun
karşıla target: Verb pred: Noun
bağışla target: Verb pred: Noun
kıpırda target: Verb pred: Noun
ısmarla target: Verb pred: Noun
takırda target: Verb pred: Noun
parçala target: Verb pred: Noun
engelle target: Verb pred: Noun
düzenle target: Verb pred: Noun
tamamla target: Verb pred: Noun
gözetle target: Verb pred: Noun
patakla target: Verb pred: Noun
hafifle target: Verb pred: Noun
selamla target: Verb pred: Noun
yadırga target: Verb pred: Noun
sendele target: Verb pred: Noun
toparla target: Verb pred: Noun
saçmala target: Verb pred: Noun
baltala target: Verb pred: Noun
tekmele target: Verb pred: Noun
cevapla target: Verb pred: Noun
sabitle target: Verb pred: Noun
kilitle target: Verb pred: Noun
çevrele target: Verb pred: Noun
yavaşla target: Verb pred: Noun
aşağıla target: Verb pred: Noun
tasarla target: Verb pred: Noun
şapırda target: Verb pred: Noun
tutukla target: Verb pred: Noun
yayımla target: Verb pred: Noun
müjdele target: Verb pred: Noun
sergile target: Verb pred: Noun
tanımla target: Verb pred: Noun
sürükle target: Verb pred: Noun
yasakla target: Verb pred: Noun
zayıfla target: Verb pred: Noun
sahnele target: Verb pred: Noun
belirle target: Verb pred: Noun
sarmala target: Verb pred: Noun
temizle target: Verb pred: Noun
tökezle target: Verb pred: Noun
değille target: Verb pred: Noun
ezberle target: Verb pred: Noun
yargıla target: Verb pred: Noun
sayıkla target: Verb pred: Noun
şakalaş target: Verb pred: Adj
zamanla target: Verb pred: Noun
yayınla target: Verb pred: Noun
pazarla target: Verb pred: Noun
çözümle target: Verb pred: Noun
paketle target: Verb pred: Noun
gıcırda target: Verb pred: Noun
kımılda target: Verb pred: Noun
yankıla target: Verb pred: Adj
havalan target: Verb pred: Adj
hışırda target: Verb pred: Noun
topalla target: Verb pred: Noun
noktala target: Verb pred: Noun
nitelen target: Verb pred: Adj
ferahla target: Verb pred: Noun
kıyasla target: Verb pred: Noun
zehirle target: Verb pred: Noun
alkışla target: Verb pred: Noun
çalkala target: Verb pred: Noun
hırpala target: Verb pred: Noun
kanıtla target: Verb pred: Noun
mırılda target: Verb pred: Noun
genişle target: Verb pred: Noun
eklemle target: Verb pred: Noun
kağıtla target: Verb pred: Noun
filizle target: Verb pred: Noun
kısıtla target: Verb pred: Noun
tırmala target: Verb pred: Noun
denetle target: Verb pred: Noun
yağmala target: Verb pred: Noun
ayaklan target: Verb pred: Adj
sorgula target: Verb pred: Adj
rastgel target: Verb pred: Adj
hedefle target: Verb pred: Noun
doğrula target: Verb pred: Noun
kurcala target: Verb pred: Noun
bütünle target: Verb pred: Noun
tetikle target: Verb pred: Noun
şifrele target: Verb pred: Noun
önyükle target: Verb pred: Noun
listele target: Verb pred: Noun
yorumla target: Verb pred: Noun
kopyala target: Verb pred: Noun
yedekle target: Verb pred: Noun
sınırla target: Verb pred: Noun
simgele target: Verb pred: Noun
dengele target: Verb pred: Noun
rendele target: Verb pred: Noun
göğüsle target: Verb pred: Noun
konakla target: Verb pred: Noun
tokatla target: Verb pred: Noun
yanıtla target: Verb pred: Noun
muhteşem target: Adj pred: Noun
bambaşka target: Adj pred: Noun
tedirgin target: Adj pred: Noun
yetersiz target: Adj pred: Verb
yuvarlak target: Adj pred: Noun
standart target: Adj pred: Verb
organize target: Adj pred: Noun
nüktedan target: Adj pred: Noun
mükemmel target: Adj pred: Noun
belirsiz target: Adj pred: Verb
sınırsız target: Adj pred: Verb
günahkar target: Adj pred: Noun
kötümser target: Adj pred: Verb
değişmez target: Adj pred: Verb
musallat target: Adj pred: Noun
belirgin target: Adj pred: Verb
ihmalkar target: Adj pred: Noun
görmemiş target: Adj pred: Verb
mütevazı target: Adj pred: Noun
pespembe target: Adj pred: Noun
akıllıca target: Adj pred: Noun
tertemiz target: Adj pred: Verb
gaddarca target: Adj pred: Noun
duyarsız target: Adj pred: Verb
bağımsız target: Adj pred: Verb
masaüstü target: Adj pred: Noun
geçersiz target: Adj pred: Verb
ortalama target: Adj pred: Noun
sevimsiz target: Adj pred: Verb
mukannen target: Adj pred: Noun
bilimsel target: Adj pred: Verb
yurtdışı target: Adj pred: Verb
lacivert target: Adj pred: Noun
efsanevi target: Adj pred: Noun
itaatkar target: Adj pred: Noun
muhterem target: Adj pred: Verb
polisiye target: Adj pred: Noun
demokrat target: Adj pred: Noun
alaturka target: Adj pred: Noun
temsilci target: Noun pred: Adj
sandalye target: Noun pred: Adj
çoğunluk target: Noun pred: Adj
ustabaşı target: Noun pred: Adj
hastalık target: Noun pred: Adj
kahraman target: Noun pred: Adj
portakal target: Noun pred: Adj
soyguncu target: Noun pred: Adj
aşçıbaşı target: Noun pred: Adj
restoran target: Noun pred: Adj
pantolon target: Noun pred: Adj
merdiven target: Noun pred: Adj
tomurcuk target: Noun pred: Adj
söylenti target: Noun pred: Verb
pasaport target: Noun pred: Verb
psikolog target: Noun pred: Adj
hoşçakal target: Noun pred: Adj
toplantı target: Noun pred: Verb
dedikodu target: Noun pred: Verb
kızcağız target: Noun pred: Adj
ravissez target: Noun pred: Adj
vikontes target: Noun pred: Adj
kıvırcık target: Noun pred: Adj
otomobil target: Noun pred: Adj
yolculuk target: Noun pred: Adj
hizmetçi target: Noun pred: Adj
yardımcı target: Noun pred: Verb
karayolu target: Noun pred: Adj
kullanım target: Noun pred: Verb
hazırlık target: Noun pred: Adj
tebessüm target: Noun pred: Verb
hıçkırık target: Noun pred: Adj
telaffuz target: Noun pred: Adj
tereddüt target: Noun pred: Verb
kaldırım target: Noun pred: Verb
teşekkür target: Noun pred: Adj
sıkılgın target: Noun pred: Adj
içtenlik target: Noun pred: Adj
kesinkes target: Noun pred: Adj
mücadele target: Noun pred: Adj
bilmiyen target: Noun pred: Adj
kahvaltı target: Noun pred: Verb
ayakkabı target: Noun pred: Adj
güneşlik target: Noun pred: Adj
pantalon target: Noun pred: Adj
mezarlık target: Noun pred: Adj
dalkavuk target: Noun pred: Adj
bataklık target: Noun pred: Adj
zencefil target: Noun pred: Adj
sindirim target: Noun pred: Verb
beklenti target: Noun pred: Verb
teşebbüs target: Noun pred: Adj
gelinlik target: Noun pred: Adj
tenezzül target: Noun pred: Adj
mürekkep target: Noun pred: Adj
tumturak target: Noun pred: Adj
elektrik target: Noun pred: Adj
dolambaç target: Noun pred: Adj
karşılık target: Noun pred: Adj
sihirbaz target: Noun pred: Adj
bağlantı target: Noun pred: Verb
yürürlük target: Noun pred: Adj
istikrar target: Noun pred: Adj
ideoloji target: Noun pred: Adj
biyoloji target: Noun pred: Adj
karakter target: Noun pred: Verb
tansiyon target: Noun pred: Adj
tesettür target: Noun pred: Verb
gardırop target: Noun pred: Verb
disiplin target: Noun pred: Adj
bakanlık target: Noun pred: Adj
peydahla target: Verb pred: Noun
mırıldan target: Verb pred: Adj
karşılaş target: Verb pred: Adj
tekrarla target: Verb pred: Noun
kapaklan target: Verb pred: Adj
sersemle target: Verb pred: Noun
kaynakla target: Verb pred: Noun
perçinle target: Verb pred: Noun
böbürlen target: Verb pred: Adj
yumurtla target: Verb pred: Noun
aydınlat target: Verb pred: Noun
destekle target: Verb pred: Noun
aydınlan target: Verb pred: Adj
tıngırda target: Verb pred: Noun
kabullen target: Verb pred: Adj
tembihle target: Verb pred: Noun
hastalan target: Verb pred: Adj
savsakla target: Verb pred: Noun
dizginle target: Verb pred: Noun
yumrukla target: Verb pred: Noun
şıngırda target: Verb pred: Noun
işaretle target: Verb pred: Noun
sahiplen target: Verb pred: Adj
çimdikle target: Verb pred: Noun
gözlemle target: Verb pred: Noun
harmanla target: Verb pred: Noun
fevkalade target: Adj pred: Noun
benzersiz target: Adj pred: Verb
toplumsal target: Adj pred: Verb
tehditkar target: Adj pred: Noun
sömürgeci target: Adj pred: Verb
müteveffa target: Adj pred: Noun
çevrimiçi target: Adj pred: Noun
perakende target: Adj pred: Noun
stabilize target: Adj pred: Noun
modernize target: Adj pred: Noun
konsantre target: Adj pred: Noun
alafranga target: Adj pred: Noun
kalabalık target: Noun pred: Adj
yaşıyacağ target: Noun pred: Adj
beyefendi target: Noun pred: Verb
durultmuş target: Noun pred: Verb
sendikacı target: Noun pred: Adj
istirahat target: Noun pred: Adj
insanoğlu target: Noun pred: Adj
gelenekçi target: Noun pred: Adj
münasebet target: Noun pred: Adj
başlangıç target: Noun pred: Adj
burjuvazi target: Noun pred: Adj
taşkınlık target: Noun pred: Adj
karabasan target: Noun pred: Adj
düşmancıl target: Noun pred: Adj
yaradılış target: Noun pred: Verb
kızkardeş target: Noun pred: Adj
parmaklık target: Noun pred: Adj
cumartesi target: Noun pred: Adj
çaydanlık target: Noun pred: Adj
melankoli target: Noun pred: Adj
salatalık target: Noun pred: Adj
fizyoloji target: Noun pred: Adj
ayrıcalık target: Noun pred: Adj
etkileşim target: Noun pred: Verb
sertifika target: Noun pred: Adj
psikoloji target: Noun pred: Adj
izolasyon target: Noun pred: Adj
teknoloji target: Noun pred: Adj
başkanlık target: Noun pred: Adj
fonksiyon target: Noun pred: Adj
ihtiyarla target: Verb pred: Noun
zımparala target: Verb pred: Noun
görüntüle target: Verb pred: Adj
başgöster target: Verb pred: Noun
kıpkırmızı target: Adj pred: Noun
paramparça target: Adj pred: Noun
mütereddit target: Adj pred: Verb
kaçınılmaz target: Adj pred: Verb
gayrimeşru target: Adj pred: Noun
yönetimsel target: Adj pred: Verb
kategorize target: Adj pred: Noun
elverişsiz target: Adj pred: Verb
kanserojen target: Adj pred: Noun
tecavüzkar target: Adj pred: Noun
inandırıcı target: Adj pred: Noun
zincirleme target: Adj pred: Noun
gereksinim target: Noun pred: Verb
bilinçaltı target: Noun pred: Adj
kadıncağız target: Noun pred: Adj
arkadaşlık target: Noun pred: Adj
külhanbeyi target: Noun pred: Adj
kişniyerek target: Noun pred: Adj
kartpostal target: Noun pred: Adj
bilgisayar target: Noun pred: Adj
veritabanı target: Noun pred: Adj
sırılsıklam target: Adj pred: Verb
hanımefendi target: Noun pred: Verb
heykeltıraş target: Noun pred: Adj
meteoroloji target: Noun pred: Adj
enflasyonist target: Adj pred: Noun
toparlamayamıyor target: Noun pred: Verb
