döndürülür target: Aor pred: Aor
etkinleşir target: Aor pred: Aor
kopyalanır target: Aor pred: Aor
erişebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
açıklanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
rüyadaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
etmiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
görülmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaşıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kesilmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
emretmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yetemezmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
koşulurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yetişmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gözetlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
boyamışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
oynatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
vuracakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dokunmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
soruyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
eşyalaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uzaktaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
iliklenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yapıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
veriyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
tasarlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
uzaklaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tanımlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
geçivermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bakılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaratılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaşanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
berelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
öldürülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
dokunmuşsa target: Narr pred: Narr
geliyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yasaklamış target: Narr pred: Narr
dövüyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kaçıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
akranımmış target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmemişse target: Narr pred: Narr
olmuşsunuz target: Narr pred: Narr
çalacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
düşecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
koyulaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
anlıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kalıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
içindeymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
taranmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kalkmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
ilgilenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
aldatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
istiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sertleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yitirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tutabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaralanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sürüyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sürüklemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
benimsemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
cilalanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
lekelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
fısıldamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kapatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
özetlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sıralanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uygulanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
katılmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
dağıtılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yenilenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
imzalanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
silinmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
seçilmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
depolanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sağlamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
bozulmuşsa target: Narr pred: Narr
aktarılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dolmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
ayarlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
takılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
sıfırlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
işlenmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
kapanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
onaylanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
belirlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sarmalamış target: Narr pred: Narr
soğutulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
demirlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
okuyamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
soyutlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
görmemişim target: Narr pred: Narr
uyuyamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
ülkeymişiz target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkarılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
getirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kazanılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaldırtmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaçırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tanıtılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
hazırlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kalacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
oynanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
oturtulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
esinlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
irdelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yazıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
bilecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tamamlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
düşünmüşüm target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kırıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
düzenlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
oluşturmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
alınmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
ayırmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
şişirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
düşünmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yetiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
abartılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
alıştırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çuvallamış target: Narr pred: Narr
donatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
araştırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
istemişler target: Narr pred: Narr
verilmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
alışmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
düşürülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
yapabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
bulabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
sinirlenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
davranırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
isteyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
katabilirse target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
hatırlatmam target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakmazlar target: Aor pred: Aor
edemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
dinlerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
evlenebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
görülebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
okşarlarken target: Aor pred: Aor
bulunabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
dönüşüverir target: Aor pred: Aor
beklersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
susabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
bilmezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
gerekebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sağlamlaşır target: Aor pred: Aor
sürebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanırsın target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
taşınabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
varabiliriz target: Aor pred: Aor
kötümsersin target: Aor pred: Aor
öpebilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
alamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
sayılabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
vazgeçilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
rastlanırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
saldırırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
başlarlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
edilirlerse target: Aor pred: Aor
diyebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
karıştırmam target: Aor pred: Aor
inandıramam target: Aor pred: Aor
verebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
birleştirir target: Aor pred: Aor
oturursunuz target: Aor pred: Aor
gösterirler target: Aor pred: Aor
eleştirilir target: Aor pred: Aor
başarabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yakalanırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
görünebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
alabilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
geçercesine target: Aor pred: Aor
iğrençleşir target: Aor pred: Aor
anlayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
vermezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yapmazsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
beklemezler target: Aor pred: Aor
değişebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
diyebiliriz target: Aor pred: Aor
korkarlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
istercesine target: Aor pred: Aor
olmayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
davranılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
kurulabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yollarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
yetişebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
dağıtabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
ekleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
devralırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
ayarlanamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
kaldırılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
desteklenir target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşturulur target: Aor pred: Aor
yenileyemez target: Aor pred: Aor
gerektirmez target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakılamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
yolaçabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çözülebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
giderebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
ettirebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
azaltabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
tanıyamazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
yükseltilir target: Aor pred: Aor
hazırlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
büyülemişse target: Narr pred: Narr
pembeleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
karşılaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
duygulanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kenetlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bildirmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kanatlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
korkuyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
telaşlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yetmiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
acımamışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
sersemlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yakışmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yaparlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
düzeltilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bilmiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
anasıymışız target: Narr pred: Narr
fetholunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
aydınlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
karşılanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kopartmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
pelteleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
parçalanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
nazikleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tutturulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kavuşturmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
davranmışım target: Narr pred: Narr
gönderilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
utanıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
değişmişsin target: Narr pred: Narr
terkedilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
harcanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
fırlatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
göndermişse target: Narr pred: Narr
söylenmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tanımamışım target: Narr pred: Narr
özdeşleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yufkalaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sevindirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bağlanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
tanımlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
düzenlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
şifrelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
arşivlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yumuşatır target: Aor pred: Aor
vermezsin target: Aor pred: Aor
unutmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
onaylamam target: Aor pred: Aor
koyabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
bayılırım target: Aor pred: Aor
dayanılır target: Aor pred: Aor
yapılamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
gerekirse target: Aor pred: Aor
umursamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
yatırırım target: Aor pred: Aor
edersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
öğrenirim target: Aor pred: Aor
olursanız target: Aor pred: Aor
evlenirse target: Aor pred: Aor
yapabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarılır target: Aor pred: Aor
ederseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
dayanamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
getiririm target: Aor pred: Aor
bakılırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
uğraşırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
görmezsek target: Aor pred: Aor
konuşurum target: Aor pred: Aor
olursunuz target: Aor pred: Aor
yeltenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
beceremem target: Aor pred: Aor
geçebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
edemezsin target: Aor pred: Aor
öğretilir target: Aor pred: Aor
koparırım target: Aor pred: Aor
götüremem target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakırım target: Aor pred: Aor
yediririm target: Aor pred: Aor
başlarsın target: Aor pred: Aor
zannetmem target: Aor pred: Aor
bilmezsek target: Aor pred: Aor
sürebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
toplarlar target: Aor pred: Aor
durmazlar target: Aor pred: Aor
iliklerim target: Aor pred: Aor
karışamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
oynayamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
denebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kaynaşmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
edemezler target: Aor pred: Aor
tırmanmam target: Aor pred: Aor
dövüşülür target: Aor pred: Aor
inanılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
öğrenirse target: Aor pred: Aor
tanınırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
uyandırır target: Aor pred: Aor
kalkarsam target: Aor pred: Aor
bağlarlar target: Aor pred: Aor
hissetmem target: Aor pred: Aor
olurlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
sayılırım target: Aor pred: Aor
sokabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarırım target: Aor pred: Aor
gelebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
olamazsın target: Aor pred: Aor
söylersin target: Aor pred: Aor
alırsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
kabartmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
sevinirim target: Aor pred: Aor
hoşlanmam target: Aor pred: Aor
erdiremez target: Aor pred: Aor
ettiririz target: Aor pred: Aor
kalmazsam target: Aor pred: Aor
sevebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
görmezler target: Aor pred: Aor
ayrılırız target: Aor pred: Aor
ödersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
düşünemez target: Aor pred: Aor
anlaşılır target: Aor pred: Aor
tutulursa target: Aor pred: Aor
girebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
düşebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
etkilenir target: Aor pred: Aor
ulaşılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
sarsılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüşürüz target: Aor pred: Aor
incitemem target: Aor pred: Aor
durabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
evleniriz target: Aor pred: Aor
alırsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
ilerlemem target: Aor pred: Aor
önemsemez target: Aor pred: Aor
görebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
silebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
ayarlamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
uygulanır target: Aor pred: Aor
özetlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
tutabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
eklenirse target: Aor pred: Aor
verebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
devralmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
silinemez target: Aor pred: Aor
atanmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşturur target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakılır target: Aor pred: Aor
sayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
bağlanmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
destekler target: Aor pred: Aor
sıralanır target: Aor pred: Aor
seçebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
bulunursa target: Aor pred: Aor
istenirse target: Aor pred: Aor
eklenemez target: Aor pred: Aor
önerilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
atanırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
gruplanır target: Aor pred: Aor
etiketler target: Aor pred: Aor
ayarlanır target: Aor pred: Aor
ekleyemez target: Aor pred: Aor
eşitlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
taşınamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
yıpranmış target: Narr pred: Narr
süslenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ibaretmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yüklenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaşlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
canlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaslanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
daldırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaybetmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çalmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
sanırım target: Aor pred: Aor
verirse target: Aor pred: Aor
bulunur target: Aor pred: Aor
istemem target: Aor pred: Aor
getirir target: Aor pred: Aor
olurlar target: Aor pred: Aor
buluruz target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
ederler target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakır target: Aor pred: Aor
dilemem target: Aor pred: Aor
yaraşır target: Aor pred: Aor
geliriz target: Aor pred: Aor
andırır target: Aor pred: Aor
dayanır target: Aor pred: Aor
sayılır target: Aor pred: Aor
severim target: Aor pred: Aor
koşarım target: Aor pred: Aor
gelirim target: Aor pred: Aor
alırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
edilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
olmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
bilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
konuşur target: Aor pred: Aor
yaparız target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarım target: Aor pred: Aor
görülür target: Aor pred: Aor
koyamam target: Aor pred: Aor
olursun target: Aor pred: Aor
gerekir target: Aor pred: Aor
ölmezse target: Aor pred: Aor
yapışır target: Aor pred: Aor
gideriz target: Aor pred: Aor
gelirse target: Aor pred: Aor
yakışır target: Aor pred: Aor
dönerse target: Aor pred: Aor
dilerim target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımaz target: Aor pred: Aor
tanırım target: Aor pred: Aor
bürünür target: Aor pred: Aor
istemez target: Aor pred: Aor
bilemez target: Aor pred: Aor
dururum target: Aor pred: Aor
dilerse target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
yapamam target: Aor pred: Aor
isterim target: Aor pred: Aor
yaramaz target: Aor pred: Aor
sokarım target: Aor pred: Aor
edersin target: Aor pred: Aor
anlamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
isterse target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarız target: Aor pred: Aor
gelemem target: Aor pred: Aor
satamam target: Aor pred: Aor
bayılır target: Aor pred: Aor
öldürür target: Aor pred: Aor
gidilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşarız target: Aor pred: Aor
yaparım target: Aor pred: Aor
oturmam target: Aor pred: Aor
girerim target: Aor pred: Aor
kıyamam target: Aor pred: Aor
düşünür target: Aor pred: Aor
ellerim target: Aor pred: Aor
bitirir target: Aor pred: Aor
anlatır target: Aor pred: Aor
rastlar target: Aor pred: Aor
çarpmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
dökülür target: Aor pred: Aor
çekinir target: Aor pred: Aor
taşınır target: Aor pred: Aor
sökerim target: Aor pred: Aor
ayırmam target: Aor pred: Aor
kalırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
sürtmem target: Aor pred: Aor
dokunur target: Aor pred: Aor
işletir target: Aor pred: Aor
yaratır target: Aor pred: Aor
şaşırır target: Aor pred: Aor
danışır target: Aor pred: Aor
yaparsa target: Aor pred: Aor
yararım target: Aor pred: Aor
götürür target: Aor pred: Aor
veririm target: Aor pred: Aor
bakarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
sunulur target: Aor pred: Aor
anlamam target: Aor pred: Aor
düşürür target: Aor pred: Aor
duyarım target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşamam target: Aor pred: Aor
koruruz target: Aor pred: Aor
korkmam target: Aor pred: Aor
gidemem target: Aor pred: Aor
görünür target: Aor pred: Aor
diyemem target: Aor pred: Aor
istenir target: Aor pred: Aor
buyurur target: Aor pred: Aor
belirir target: Aor pred: Aor
atlatır target: Aor pred: Aor
sürerse target: Aor pred: Aor
alırsam target: Aor pred: Aor
gelemez target: Aor pred: Aor
tutarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
kaçırır target: Aor pred: Aor
inceler target: Aor pred: Aor
kalırız target: Aor pred: Aor
sanılır target: Aor pred: Aor
kapatır target: Aor pred: Aor
bükerse target: Aor pred: Aor
kaçınır target: Aor pred: Aor
incelir target: Aor pred: Aor
duyarız target: Aor pred: Aor
yağarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
duramaz target: Aor pred: Aor
duramam target: Aor pred: Aor
işlerse target: Aor pred: Aor
bilemem target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarır target: Aor pred: Aor
yapılır target: Aor pred: Aor
verilir target: Aor pred: Aor
açıklar target: Aor pred: Aor
korunur target: Aor pred: Aor
değişir target: Aor pred: Aor
örtülür target: Aor pred: Aor
izlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
atanmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
içermez target: Aor pred: Aor
kurtarmıştı target: Past pred: Past
değiştirdim target: Past pred: Past
tıkanacaktı target: Past pred: Past
duramıyordu target: Past pred: Past
tanışmıştım target: Past pred: Past
tıkanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
bağırıyordu target: Past pred: Past
hissetmişti target: Past pred: Past
kekeliyordu target: Past pred: Past
geveliyordu target: Past pred: Past
yalvardınız target: Past pred: Past
gidebilirdi target: Past pred: Past
yayabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
kızdırdınız target: Past pred: Past
kötülediniz target: Past pred: Past
dinliyordum target: Past pred: Past
ürperiyordu target: Past pred: Past
tekrarladım target: Past pred: Past
kıyabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
içirmeliydi target: Past pred: Past
çıkabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
demeyecekti target: Past pred: Past
okşayacaktı target: Past pred: Past
hissettiyse target: Past pred: Past
döndürmüştü target: Past pred: Past
yüklenmişti target: Past pred: Past
endişeliydi target: Past pred: Past
istemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
dikiliyordu target: Past pred: Past
kuduruyordu target: Past pred: Past
öğretecekti target: Past pred: Past
kovalıyordu target: Past pred: Past
saldırmıştı target: Past pred: Past
zannettiniz target: Past pred: Past
unutmamıştı target: Past pred: Past
bambaşkaydı target: Past pred: Past
yerleşmişti target: Past pred: Past
çalışacaktı target: Past pred: Past
savuşuyordu target: Past pred: Past
anlayacaktı target: Past pred: Past
sevememişti target: Past pred: Past
bürünüyordu target: Past pred: Past
sokuluyordu target: Past pred: Past
bulunuyordu target: Past pred: Past
öğreniyordu target: Past pred: Past
yaralıyordu target: Past pred: Past
oluyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
öğrenecekti target: Past pred: Past
geziniyordu target: Past pred: Past
kısmetliydi target: Past pred: Past
uğraşıyordu target: Past pred: Past
kurtardıysa target: Past pred: Past
üzerindeydi target: Past pred: Past
alamıyordum target: Past pred: Past
ürkütüyordu target: Past pred: Past
kaybederdim target: Past pred: Past
başlıyordum target: Past pred: Past
oturuyordum target: Past pred: Past
sürünüyordu target: Past pred: Past
kaçırıyordu target: Past pred: Past
bulunsaydım target: Past pred: Past
hoşlanmadım target: Past pred: Past
esirgemezdi target: Past pred: Past
sanabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
edebildiniz target: Past pred: Past
yalnızdınız target: Past pred: Past
atıyordunuz target: Past pred: Past
dayanamadım target: Past pred: Past
bilseydiniz target: Past pred: Past
atamazlardı target: Past pred: Past
atılmamıştı target: Past pred: Past
satmamıştım target: Past pred: Past
ilikliyordu target: Past pred: Past
vuramamıştı target: Past pred: Past
vazgeçmişti target: Past pred: Past
ediyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
arıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
göstermezdi target: Past pred: Past
şefkatliydi target: Past pred: Past
benziyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
onaylıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuşuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
girişiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gerekiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
vermiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çağırıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilmiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oturuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulamıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
getiriliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inanıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gitmiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
korkmuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylüyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
güveniyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviniyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlatıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkmıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylüyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inceleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
getiriyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlayamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şakalaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanımıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
havalanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bekliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünüyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kızamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çabalıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dilemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
beslenmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ilgileniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalkıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
göremiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
özetliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaydedilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kullanılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
paylaşılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
reddedilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
devralınmış target: Narr pred: Narr
denetlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yazdırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yuvarlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
başlatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kilitlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çoğaltılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
zamanlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sınırlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
seçmişseniz target: Narr pred: Narr
listelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dengelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sağlanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
yayımlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
belirtilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tamamlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yüklenmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
temizlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sabitlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
oturuyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sıfırlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
belirlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
doğrulanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
değiştirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bağlanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
dilimlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
konuşmuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
söylüyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
dayanamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
alışılmışın target: Narr pred: Narr
bildirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
engellenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
buharlaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
direnmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
yosunlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
seyredermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkartılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
gerekliymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ütülemişler target: Narr pred: Narr
giderlermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gözetlermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kurulmuşsun target: Narr pred: Narr
desteklemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
anlaşmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
kaybedilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sularlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
başlamışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yapmamışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yönelmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
alışagelmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
açıklamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
derinleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kapanmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
ispatlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
benimsenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
atılıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
ilerideymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yazmışsınız target: Narr pred: Narr
doğmuşsunuz target: Narr pred: Narr
giydirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gözlemlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sarmalanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kavuşamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
resmedilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sokuşturmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
şaşırmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
geliştirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dağılmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
aklındaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
getirmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
kazandırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
katılmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
genişletmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
noktalanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yararlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yansıtılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
şekillenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ödememişler target: Narr pred: Narr
yorumlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uzmanlaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kızartılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çorbasıymış target: Narr pred: Narr
doldurulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
fırınlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çevrelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kurtarılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çalıştırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaybetmişim target: Narr pred: Narr
bekletilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
paketlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kükrüyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yayınlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tekrarlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
gerçekleşti target: Past pred: Past
bildirdiler target: Past pred: Past
gerekiyordu target: Past pred: Past
yaratacaktı target: Past pred: Past
düşünüyordu target: Past pred: Past
dökülüyordu target: Past pred: Past
durmaktaydı target: Past pred: Past
solumasıydı target: Past pred: Past
yaratıyordu target: Past pred: Past
centilmendi target: Past pred: Past
farkındaydı target: Past pred: Past
görünüyordu target: Past pred: Past
toplanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
peydahlandı target: Past pred: Past
dayanamazdı target: Past pred: Past
kalabalıktı target: Past pred: Past
hoşlanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
andırıyordu target: Past pred: Past
başarısızdı target: Past pred: Past
solgunlaştı target: Past pred: Past
kaptırmıştı target: Past pred: Past
sayılacaktı target: Past pred: Past
kemiriyordu target: Past pred: Past
yanıltmazdı target: Past pred: Past
bilebilirdi target: Past pred: Past
özelliğiydi target: Past pred: Past
çalışıyordu target: Past pred: Past
çekemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
üzüntülüydü target: Past pred: Past
karşılaştım target: Past pred: Past
suçlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
söyleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kıpırdatamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
belirtebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
başlatabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştiremezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
gösterebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
karşılaştırabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkartabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
gizleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kaldırabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
tıklatabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
daraltabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
tamamlayamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
genişletemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
sağlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirebilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
paylaşabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
düzenleyemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yararlanamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
basitleştirebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
bulabiliyorlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bekliyormuşçasına target: Narr pred: Narr
ilişkilendirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
güncelleştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
numaralandırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapılandırılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
derecelendirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çalıştırılmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
değiştiriyormuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
sabırsızlanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
acıtabiliyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
zannedebilirlerdi target: Past pred: Past
karşılaşıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karşılaştırıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüntülenmiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karşılaşıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaydedemiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başlayamıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlamıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalıştırıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanılıyorlarsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tinselleştirir target: Aor pred: Aor
reddetmezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
anlayamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
parçalayıverir target: Aor pred: Aor
değdirircesine target: Aor pred: Aor
gerçekleştirir target: Aor pred: Aor
kilitleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sarmalayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
söyleyebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
gelebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kalabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
varsayılabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sorabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kestirirlerken target: Aor pred: Aor
bulabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ulaştırırsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çözebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
düzenleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanılabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
devralınabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
gerektirebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
belirleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
duyabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
seçebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
hesaplanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yapabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
genişletebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sıfırlanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşturursanız target: Aor pred: Aor
kesebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yönetebilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
yazdırılabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yedekleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
silebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
deneyemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
verebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yazabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yayımlanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
şifreleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kaydedilebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
engelleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sürükleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
belirlenebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntülenirse target: Aor pred: Aor
gideremezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntüleyemez target: Aor pred: Aor
duraklatabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirilemez target: Aor pred: Aor
çalıştırabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
diyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
bilebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
denetleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sağlayabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
kaçırabilmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
ilgileniyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
götürüyormuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
serpiştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
uğraşıyormuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
boşanmışçasına target: Narr pred: Narr
giyebilecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gerçekleşmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
ayarlanmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
yerleştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
paylaştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
eşitlenmemişse target: Narr pred: Narr
öğrenememişler target: Narr pred: Narr
unutmalıymışız target: Narr pred: Narr
özdeşleştirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
hammaddelermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
azaltabilirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkartırlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaratılacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kullanmıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
tanışmazlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
getirememişler target: Narr pred: Narr
belirtmişsiniz target: Narr pred: Narr
dolaşıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
dolandırıyordu target: Past pred: Past
mırıldanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
kullanamıyordu target: Past pred: Past
düşündürüyordu target: Past pred: Past
bağırıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
hazırlanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
istememiştiniz target: Past pred: Past
canlandırdınız target: Past pred: Past
yorulmadınızsa target: Past pred: Past
peltekleşmişti target: Past pred: Past
anlaşılmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
kapaklanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
hiddetlendirdi target: Past pred: Past
beklenebilirdi target: Past pred: Past
ilerliyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
uzaklaşmamıştı target: Past pred: Past
sakinleşebildi target: Past pred: Past
yatıştırıyordu target: Past pred: Past
bırakmalarıydı target: Past pred: Past
durdurabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
tamamlanacaktı target: Past pred: Past
kurumlanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
anlayamıyordum target: Past pred: Past
rastlamıyordum target: Past pred: Past
düşünememiştim target: Past pred: Past
yakışıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
hissetmemiştim target: Past pred: Past
paralıyordunuz target: Past pred: Past
söyleyemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
kastetmiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hayıflanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanımıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
büyülüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuşuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulunuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıklıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dokundurtmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ilgilendiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
büyütüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hazırlanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yanılıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
davranabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yakalayıverdi target: Past pred: Past
hırslanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
başlamışlardı target: Past pred: Past
fısıldarlardı target: Past pred: Past
ediliyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
kahroluyordum target: Past pred: Past
hafiflemiştim target: Past pred: Past
sayılabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
yaklaşıyordum target: Past pred: Past
yanılmıyordum target: Past pred: Past
kullanacaktım target: Past pred: Past
anlaşılıyordu target: Past pred: Past
yapmasaydınız target: Past pred: Past
yalvaracaktım target: Past pred: Past
söylemiştiniz target: Past pred: Past
kastediyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kastetmiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilmiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
titriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağlıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saklanıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kutsallaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bekliyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saçmalıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
huysuzlaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
güzelleşmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
korkuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hapsediyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
zayıflıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylemiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öğrenemiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kovmuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ilerleyemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
katılamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
özetleniyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duymuyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
destekliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görmüyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ekleyemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
edemiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
algılayamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayarlayamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
desteklemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açamıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yönetilemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yenilenemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
taşıyamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilmiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
depolanıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kurtarıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
benzetiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tıklatıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünebiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değişebiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
canlandırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
paylaşıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
terkediyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gölgeliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dinlemiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
katılabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakmıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
engelliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlayamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yönetiliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalıveriyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
otururlarken target: Aor pred: Aor
kurtarabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
feshedilemez target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
sonuçlanırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
yapamazsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
suçlayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
verebilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
okuyabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
bilemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
anlayamazsın target: Aor pred: Aor
başlayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşayamazsın target: Aor pred: Aor
gidebilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
yapabilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
sanabilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
hissedebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yapabilirsen target: Aor pred: Aor
söyletmezsin target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarırsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
emredersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
bağlanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
öğrenirlerse target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştiririm target: Aor pred: Aor
görebilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
bitirirseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kurtulabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
şaşırırsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
noktalanırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
anlayamazlar target: Aor pred: Aor
kovamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
bulamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
yapamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
bulunursanız target: Aor pred: Aor
başlatabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntülenir target: Aor pred: Aor
gösterebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
adlandırılır target: Aor pred: Aor
toplayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanılamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntülemez target: Aor pred: Aor
göremezseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kaybolabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kurtarılamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
dönüştürülür target: Aor pred: Aor
kaydolabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
seçemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
çalıştırılır target: Aor pred: Aor
yoksayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
belirtebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
erişilebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanılırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
sonlandırmam target: Aor pred: Aor
imzalanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
tanışıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yanılmamışım target: Narr pred: Narr
tartamamışım target: Narr pred: Narr
gizleyememiş target: Narr pred: Narr
konuşuyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yetişiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
geçecekmişiz target: Narr pred: Narr
otururlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tıkanacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bitirecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
konuşamazmış target: Narr pred: Narr
pişirecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaklaştırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dokunulmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaçırıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
boğuluyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
dokunuyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
ucundaymışım target: Narr pred: Narr
konuşabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
görüşebilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
anlamışsınız target: Narr pred: Narr
çalışıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
doyamıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
donatıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
geçmişçesine target: Narr pred: Narr
sonsuzlaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
göndermişler target: Narr pred: Narr
yükseltilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kapatılmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
ayarlanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
uygulanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
sıralanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
aktarılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
sıralanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
arıyorlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bildirmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
kaçırılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
korunabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kapatılırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapılacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
açıyorlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sulanıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yağdırmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
kullanmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
getirilmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
anlayabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
görünüyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaratılmışız target: Narr pred: Narr
kaynaklanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapabilirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
araştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
aşındırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yönlendirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
alıştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
alanındaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
zenginleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kuruluvermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
etkilenmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
seyreltilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gerekiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
keşfetmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
uygulamaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
şeklindeymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
soruyormuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
veriyormuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
iletmişsiniz target: Narr pred: Narr
yenemiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
patlatmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
varmışçasına target: Narr pred: Narr
sembolleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kiralamışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
göstermişler target: Narr pred: Narr
dönüşür target: Aor pred: Aor
bilinir target: Aor pred: Aor
denenir target: Aor pred: Aor
artırır target: Aor pred: Aor
yazılır target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
seçilir target: Aor pred: Aor
alınmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
girilir target: Aor pred: Aor
eklenir target: Aor pred: Aor
uygular target: Aor pred: Aor
çağırır target: Aor pred: Aor
eskimiş target: Narr pred: Narr
eğilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
inanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
örülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
anlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
uyanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
etmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
alışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kalkmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ezilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
oturmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
usanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
unutmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sarkmış target: Narr pred: Narr
işlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
susamış target: Narr pred: Narr
istemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
edilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
oynamış target: Narr pred: Narr
uğramış target: Narr pred: Narr
almamış target: Narr pred: Narr
açılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dayamış target: Narr pred: Narr
uyuşmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
onunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
işitmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
uzanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
iyiymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çarpmış target: Narr pred: Narr
itilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
edinmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çürümüş target: Narr pred: Narr
ekilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dilemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
arınmış target: Narr pred: Narr
erişmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
arıtmış target: Narr pred: Narr
oluşmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
eklemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
aşılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
diskmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
okunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
atarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uymamış target: Narr pred: Narr
ahırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uzatmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sıvamış target: Narr pred: Narr
korkmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
büyümüş target: Narr pred: Narr
aranmış target: Narr pred: Narr
adanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
etmişim target: Narr pred: Narr
üretmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ağlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
olmuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
yememiş target: Narr pred: Narr
korumuş target: Narr pred: Narr
izlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
işiymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
atılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ayırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
esmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
etmişiz target: Narr pred: Narr
adaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
azalmış target: Narr pred: Narr
almışım target: Narr pred: Narr
yaramış target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkardı target: Past pred: Past
olmuştu target: Past pred: Past
bulundu target: Past pred: Past
söyledi target: Past pred: Past
çekildi target: Past pred: Past
istendi target: Past pred: Past
olsaydı target: Past pred: Past
bağırdı target: Past pred: Past
çekindi target: Past pred: Past
vermedi target: Past pred: Past
geçirdi target: Past pred: Past
salladı target: Past pred: Past
babandı target: Past pred: Past
lazımdı target: Past pred: Past
vuruldu target: Past pred: Past
olmazdı target: Past pred: Past
karıştı target: Past pred: Past
izledim target: Past pred: Past
unuttum target: Past pred: Past
titredi target: Past pred: Past
ürperdi target: Past pred: Past
unuttun target: Past pred: Past
ayrıldı target: Past pred: Past
kapladı target: Past pred: Past
gibiydi target: Past pred: Past
götürdü target: Past pred: Past
anladım target: Past pred: Past
güzeldi target: Past pred: Past
düşündü target: Past pred: Past
başladı target: Past pred: Past
salındı target: Past pred: Past
konuştu target: Past pred: Past
yarattı target: Past pred: Past
değildi target: Past pred: Past
suniydi target: Past pred: Past
boyardı target: Past pred: Past
hakimdi target: Past pred: Past
dağıldı target: Past pred: Past
duyuldu target: Past pred: Past
göründü target: Past pred: Past
yayıldı target: Past pred: Past
sebepti target: Past pred: Past
koymadı target: Past pred: Past
içmişti target: Past pred: Past
cıvıttı target: Past pred: Past
yiyordu target: Past pred: Past
büyüktü target: Past pred: Past
etmişti target: Past pred: Past
görüntüleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
gerçekleştirebilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
bilgisayarlarındaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
güncelleştiriyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalıştırabiliyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
faydalanabiliyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çeviriyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ağlamıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünmüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
rahatlatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karıştırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
getiriyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yatıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bahsediyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hazırlıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duyuyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünüyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayıramıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dağıtılmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aşağılanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yavaşlatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
belirleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geliyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
satıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olmuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yemiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazanıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlatıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sokuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çektiriyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaygılanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değiştiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aktarmıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapılıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kahroluyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saçmalıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inceliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
reddediyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
küçümsüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
erişilemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağlanamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaybediyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sağlamıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
erişemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
taşıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yazıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulunmuyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaldırıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüntülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gösteriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
paylaşıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gerekmiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünmüyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başlatıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışmıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karşılamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ekliyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bildiriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
iletilemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanıştırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uğraşıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
katlediliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tutuklanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanınıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağırıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yöneliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yayınlanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karşılıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkartıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seyrediliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
getiriyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
savunuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
beklemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gösteriyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yargılanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hedefleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kestiremiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
özetliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayrılıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yıkanıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bahsediliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uğurluyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
fazlalaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dolaşıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
davranıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
barındırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sergileniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düzenleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
haberleşiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yürüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
varıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaslanıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
selamlaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tartışılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yadırgıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gönderiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuşuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dalıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
demiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kucaklıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilemiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yüzüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yürekleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
götürüyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seyrediyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giderdi target: Past pred: Past
dikildi target: Past pred: Past
uğraştı target: Past pred: Past
bulandı target: Past pred: Past
doluydu target: Past pred: Past
kadındı target: Past pred: Past
evlendi target: Past pred: Past
komikti target: Past pred: Past
hazırdı target: Past pred: Past
olurdum target: Past pred: Past
getirdi target: Past pred: Past
çevirdi target: Past pred: Past
zorladı target: Past pred: Past
melekti target: Past pred: Past
parladı target: Past pred: Past
buruştu target: Past pred: Past
dediniz target: Past pred: Past
köpürdü target: Past pred: Past
kavradı target: Past pred: Past
fırladı target: Past pred: Past
anlattı target: Past pred: Past
çıkmadı target: Past pred: Past
kapıldı target: Past pred: Past
kapadım target: Past pred: Past
giyindi target: Past pred: Past
koyuldu target: Past pred: Past
gelirdi target: Past pred: Past
sayardı target: Past pred: Past
bağladı target: Past pred: Past
bakındı target: Past pred: Past
olduysa target: Past pred: Past
diyordu target: Past pred: Past
takıldı target: Past pred: Past
engeldi target: Past pred: Past
biriydi target: Past pred: Past
kalmadı target: Past pred: Past
yetişti target: Past pred: Past
sahipti target: Past pred: Past
yetindi target: Past pred: Past
öğrendi target: Past pred: Past
genişti target: Past pred: Past
sesiydi target: Past pred: Past
köpekti target: Past pred: Past
çalıştı target: Past pred: Past
hücumdu target: Past pred: Past
yağladı target: Past pred: Past
tanıdık target: Past pred: Past
korktum target: Past pred: Past
yeterdi target: Past pred: Past
uğradık target: Past pred: Past
ederdim target: Past pred: Past
almadım target: Past pred: Past
yürüdüm target: Past pred: Past
bozmadı target: Past pred: Past
gömüldü target: Past pred: Past
çekişti target: Past pred: Past
yöneldi target: Past pred: Past
atıldım target: Past pred: Past
bıraktı target: Past pred: Past
ekledim target: Past pred: Past
esmerdi target: Past pred: Past
gelmedi target: Past pred: Past
istedim target: Past pred: Past
tutumdu target: Past pred: Past
etmedim target: Past pred: Past
ıslaktı target: Past pred: Past
indirdi target: Past pred: Past
insandı target: Past pred: Past
bakardı target: Past pred: Past
yavaştı target: Past pred: Past
garipti target: Past pred: Past
severdi target: Past pred: Past
almıştı target: Past pred: Past
veriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sarıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saçıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
koşuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kokuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duyuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
katıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yığıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
taşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
süzüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ağlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
soruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seziyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şişiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yarıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yazıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
izliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
deniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
büyüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sıkıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dönüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yutuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
buluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yakıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yetiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yıkıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tutuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
susuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aradı target: Past pred: Past
yattı target: Past pred: Past
aitti target: Past pred: Past
kurdu target: Past pred: Past
neydi target: Past pred: Past
yaydı target: Past pred: Past
kaçtı target: Past pred: Past
bitti target: Past pred: Past
çekti target: Past pred: Past
diyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlatıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
koyamıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalıştırıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağlanamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karşılamıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanılamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağlanabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanamıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaydolamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
getiriyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanılıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gönderilemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
göremiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değiştiriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaydedemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sıralıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
güveniyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
desteklenmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüntüleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gönderemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanımıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gideriyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bildiriliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çözümleyemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değiştiriliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gönderiliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüntülüyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
nitelendiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazandırılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sokabiliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dönebiliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlatıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görebiliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiriyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
göremiyorlarsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidebiliyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yitirirler target: Aor pred: Aor
zannederiz target: Aor pred: Aor
anlatırsın target: Aor pred: Aor
değişirler target: Aor pred: Aor
şereflenir target: Aor pred: Aor
uçarcasına target: Aor pred: Aor
evlenirsek target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkıvermez target: Aor pred: Aor
giderseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
anlarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
dinleyemem target: Aor pred: Aor
ihtiyarlar target: Aor pred: Aor
bahsedemem target: Aor pred: Aor
söyleyemem target: Aor pred: Aor
sorarsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
dayanılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
kollayamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
yayarlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
karşılanır target: Aor pred: Aor
katlanamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
uyarılırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
anlatırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
böbürlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
hatırlatır target: Aor pred: Aor
durursunuz target: Aor pred: Aor
bakarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
hoşlanırım target: Aor pred: Aor
verirseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kalırsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
bakarsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
gelirseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
isterseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
benimserim target: Aor pred: Aor
yakalarlar target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımazsın target: Aor pred: Aor
oturabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakırsak target: Aor pred: Aor
kaçırırsın target: Aor pred: Aor
çalışırsak target: Aor pred: Aor
alabiliriz target: Aor pred: Aor
sarfedilir target: Aor pred: Aor
uyutmazlar target: Aor pred: Aor
gösteririm target: Aor pred: Aor
bilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yatırırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
beklenemez target: Aor pred: Aor
anlaşılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
edilmezler target: Aor pred: Aor
sayılmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
karşılaşır target: Aor pred: Aor
öldürürler target: Aor pred: Aor
homurdanır target: Aor pred: Aor
bahsedilir target: Aor pred: Aor
ölebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
konuşurlar target: Aor pred: Aor
alıkoyamam target: Aor pred: Aor
bitirirler target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirir target: Aor pred: Aor
düşünürsek target: Aor pred: Aor
olabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
yapamazsan target: Aor pred: Aor
bilemezler target: Aor pred: Aor
yapıştırır target: Aor pred: Aor
yaparsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
avutabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
unutmazlar target: Aor pred: Aor
götürürler target: Aor pred: Aor
sanırsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
verirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
istemezsen target: Aor pred: Aor
söylemezse target: Aor pred: Aor
kazandırır target: Aor pred: Aor
bulurlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşarsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
söylenemez target: Aor pred: Aor
yaşarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
gömersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
istersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
karıştırır target: Aor pred: Aor
açıveririz target: Aor pred: Aor
açabiliriz target: Aor pred: Aor
neşelenmem target: Aor pred: Aor
zamanlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
uygulanmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
uyurlarken target: Aor pred: Aor
bilemezsin target: Aor pred: Aor
zaptedemez target: Aor pred: Aor
kemirirler target: Aor pred: Aor
bildiririm target: Aor pred: Aor
edebilirse target: Aor pred: Aor
seçerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
gerektirir target: Aor pred: Aor
erişilemez target: Aor pred: Aor
gönderilir target: Aor pred: Aor
içerebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
girersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımlanır target: Aor pred: Aor
devralınır target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntüler target: Aor pred: Aor
biçimlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
eklersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
hesaplanır target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
gösterilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanılır target: Aor pred: Aor
eklerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
seçersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yazarsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
silerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
denenirler target: Aor pred: Aor
atanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
atayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
genişletir target: Aor pred: Aor
başlatılır target: Aor pred: Aor
dönüştürür target: Aor pred: Aor
arşivlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
listelenir target: Aor pred: Aor
duyarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
bağlanamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
edinebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
denerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
engellemez target: Aor pred: Aor
ayrılırsam target: Aor pred: Aor
yuvarlanır target: Aor pred: Aor
görürsünüz target: Aor pred: Aor
taşırsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntüleyemeyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
koruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
basıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uymuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
vuruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dikiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
üflüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
almıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bozuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kesiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
batıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oynuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çekiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sunuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sığıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
demiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
coşuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sızıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
işliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
varıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kuruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
doluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
önlüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kızıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sekiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
artıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bitiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
örtmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
yanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sevmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
göçmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
seçmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
koymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gezmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
şuymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
takmış target: Narr pred: Narr
pişmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
satmış target: Narr pred: Narr
muymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
dermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çalmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sürmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
yutmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
bezmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
basmış target: Narr pred: Narr
boğmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kopmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gütmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
doymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
ödendi target: Past pred: Past
edildi target: Past pred: Past
gördüm target: Past pred: Past
okşadı target: Past pred: Past
oturdu target: Past pred: Past
miydin target: Past pred: Past
adamdı target: Past pred: Past
sevdik target: Past pred: Past
ederdi target: Past pred: Past
olurdu target: Past pred: Past
etmedi target: Past pred: Past
duydun target: Past pred: Past
gittim target: Past pred: Past
sordum target: Past pred: Past
silkti target: Past pred: Past
oyundu target: Past pred: Past
geçtim target: Past pred: Past
emindi target: Past pred: Past
uyardı target: Past pred: Past
iyiydi target: Past pred: Past
duydum target: Past pred: Past
yürüdü target: Past pred: Past
çıktım target: Past pred: Past
baktım target: Past pred: Past
atıldı target: Past pred: Past
uzattı target: Past pred: Past
kapadı target: Past pred: Past
azizdi target: Past pred: Past
istedi target: Past pred: Past
açıldı target: Past pred: Past
yaptım target: Past pred: Past
miydim target: Past pred: Past
vurdum target: Past pred: Past
şarttı target: Past pred: Past
verdim target: Past pred: Past
ilişti target: Past pred: Past
kaldım target: Past pred: Past
vardım target: Past pred: Past
ekledi target: Past pred: Past
inledi target: Past pred: Past
savdık target: Past pred: Past
muydun target: Past pred: Past
uğradı target: Past pred: Past
alındı target: Past pred: Past
bastık target: Past pred: Past
eviydi target: Past pred: Past
diktin target: Past pred: Past
uzandı target: Past pred: Past
doladı target: Past pred: Past
kurttu target: Past pred: Past
denedi target: Past pred: Past
alıştı target: Past pred: Past
anladı target: Past pred: Past
almadı target: Past pred: Past
atladı target: Past pred: Past
demedi target: Past pred: Past
çarptı target: Past pred: Past
ısırdı target: Past pred: Past
oluştu target: Past pred: Past
doldum target: Past pred: Past
boyadı target: Past pred: Past
durdum target: Past pred: Past
döndüm target: Past pred: Past
rıhtım target: Past pred: Past
sandım target: Past pred: Past
geldik target: Past pred: Past
serpti target: Past pred: Past
açıktı target: Past pred: Past
uyurdu target: Past pred: Past
ediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
okuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ölüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
atıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
emiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
üzüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
itiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
akıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
adıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
arıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uçuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oyuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıklamış target: Narr pred: Narr
sormuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
istiyordu target: Past pred: Past
olmalıydı target: Past pred: Past
izliyordu target: Past pred: Past
yaşasaydı target: Past pred: Past
fısıldadı target: Past pred: Past
alışkındı target: Past pred: Past
hatırladı target: Past pred: Past
üzülürdüm target: Past pred: Past
oynuyordu target: Past pred: Past
harikaydı target: Past pred: Past
taşıyordu target: Past pred: Past
geliyordu target: Past pred: Past
söylemedi target: Past pred: Past
yudumladı target: Past pred: Past
unutturdu target: Past pred: Past
koyulaştı target: Past pred: Past
olacaktın target: Past pred: Past
geçiyordu target: Past pred: Past
kötüleşti target: Past pred: Past
çekiciydi target: Past pred: Past
veriyordu target: Past pred: Past
denemişti target: Past pred: Past
biliyordu target: Past pred: Past
alamazdım target: Past pred: Past
basacaktı target: Past pred: Past
tutamazdı target: Past pred: Past
neşeliydi target: Past pred: Past
gidiyordu target: Past pred: Past
yuvarladı target: Past pred: Past
neşesizdi target: Past pred: Past
uğruyordu target: Past pred: Past
gerekirdi target: Past pred: Past
anlıyordu target: Past pred: Past
alevlendi target: Past pred: Past
içindeydi target: Past pred: Past
yıkasaydı target: Past pred: Past
süzüyordu target: Past pred: Past
duruyordu target: Past pred: Past
duymuştum target: Past pred: Past
işliyordu target: Past pred: Past
unutmadım target: Past pred: Past
okumuştum target: Past pred: Past
söylerdik target: Past pred: Past
körükledi target: Past pred: Past
kucakladı target: Past pred: Past
gitmiştim target: Past pred: Past
kalmıştım target: Past pred: Past
duyuyordu target: Past pred: Past
yanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
istemedik target: Past pred: Past
yumuşaktı target: Past pred: Past
olurdunuz target: Past pred: Past
anladınız target: Past pred: Past
ağlamıştı target: Past pred: Past
alırdınız target: Past pred: Past
edebildim target: Past pred: Past
bakıyordu target: Past pred: Past
etmediniz target: Past pred: Past
kalacaktı target: Past pred: Past
mahvettim target: Past pred: Past
ağlıyordu target: Past pred: Past
koşuyordu target: Past pred: Past
kurulandı target: Past pred: Past
çatıyordu target: Past pred: Past
geziyordu target: Past pred: Past
korkmuştu target: Past pred: Past
bırakmadı target: Past pred: Past
şaşırmadı target: Past pred: Past
gülüyordu target: Past pred: Past
yapacaktı target: Past pred: Past
köpeğiydi target: Past pred: Past
farklıydı target: Past pred: Past
bulunmadı target: Past pred: Past
kesiyordu target: Past pred: Past
felaketti target: Past pred: Past
açılmıştı target: Past pred: Past
koyacaktı target: Past pred: Past
takırdadı target: Past pred: Past
uzaktaydı target: Past pred: Past
alınmıştı target: Past pred: Past
çıkıyordu target: Past pred: Past
okşuyordu target: Past pred: Past
inliyordu target: Past pred: Past
yumuyordu target: Past pred: Past
tutuyordu target: Past pred: Past
kalıyordu target: Past pred: Past
anlamıştı target: Past pred: Past
koruyordu target: Past pred: Past
bilemezdi target: Past pred: Past
uyarmıştı target: Past pred: Past
olmuyordu target: Past pred: Past
etmiyordu target: Past pred: Past
geliverdi target: Past pred: Past
uyanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
istemişti target: Past pred: Past
almamıştı target: Past pred: Past
yatıyordu target: Past pred: Past
düşkündük target: Past pred: Past
vazgeçtik target: Past pred: Past
oluyordum target: Past pred: Past
kaldırdım target: Past pred: Past
boyadılar target: Past pred: Past
gezdirdim target: Past pred: Past
azarladım target: Past pred: Past
yapıyordu target: Past pred: Past
ederlerdi target: Past pred: Past
yaklaştım target: Past pred: Past
arıyordum target: Past pred: Past
şükrettim target: Past pred: Past
ediyordum target: Past pred: Past
edecektim target: Past pred: Past
artacaktı target: Past pred: Past
göreviydi target: Past pred: Past
vermezdim target: Past pred: Past
haykırdım target: Past pred: Past
tanıdınız target: Past pred: Past
gelseydik target: Past pred: Past
gülümsedi target: Past pred: Past
sertleşti target: Past pred: Past
çekiyordu target: Past pred: Past
anlatırdı target: Past pred: Past
konuşurdu target: Past pred: Past
veremezdi target: Past pred: Past
bırakırdı target: Past pred: Past
bulunuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayarlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ortalayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
uygulayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşturabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yapılandırılabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
gerçekleştirebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
güncelleştirebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
depolayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
selamlayacaklarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
boğuluyormuşcasına target: Narr pred: Narr
etkinleştirilmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kişiselleştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
etkinleştirilmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
kararlaştırılmıştı target: Past pred: Past
tanıştırılmamıştık target: Past pred: Past
sinirlendiriyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanılabiliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yerleştirebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntüleyemeyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
değerlendiriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olur target: Aor pred: Aor
eder target: Aor pred: Aor
alır target: Aor pred: Aor
atar target: Aor pred: Aor
uyur target: Aor pred: Aor
ölür target: Aor pred: Aor
açar target: Aor pred: Aor
öder target: Aor pred: Aor
öper target: Aor pred: Aor
arar target: Aor pred: Aor
imiş target: Narr pred: Narr
indi target: Past pred: Past
etti target: Past pred: Past
itti target: Past pred: Past
aldı target: Past pred: Past
dedi target: Past pred: Past
öptü target: Past pred: Past
oldu target: Past pred: Past
eğdi target: Past pred: Past
açtı target: Past pred: Past
attı target: Past pred: Past
uçtu target: Past pred: Past
edilmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaklaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yakalamış target: Narr pred: Narr
olurmuşuz target: Narr pred: Narr
yırtılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
korkutmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kaybolmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
uzamışsın target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmişsin target: Narr pred: Narr
edecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
duymuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
başlatmış target: Narr pred: Narr
paslanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
alışılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
nezleymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kullanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bulamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
arıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kaldırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
küllenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
vazgeçmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
korsanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
asacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaykılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
adamıymış target: Narr pred: Narr
gevşetmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
afallamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kıvrılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dönmüşler target: Narr pred: Narr
kaplanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çıldırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tanımamış target: Narr pred: Narr
söylenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
anlamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
ödüyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
mahvolmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çevrilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dinlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
oluyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
aralanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
iyileşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
istememiş target: Narr pred: Narr
üstlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
unutulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
etkilemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ciddiymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sivrilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
toplanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
boşvermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
koyamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
gizlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
devralmış target: Narr pred: Narr
göndermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
olmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
hücreymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
okunmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
adamışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
çalmışsın target: Narr pred: Narr
gitmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
seslenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
açılmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
çizmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
gömmüşler target: Narr pred: Narr
kandırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaptırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
erecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
düşmüşler target: Narr pred: Narr
imzalamış target: Narr pred: Narr
sağlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kurtulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
inanmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
saklanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
doğranmış target: Narr pred: Narr
haşlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
doldurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
eritilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
saptanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sağlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
saplanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
indirtmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
açılmışız target: Narr pred: Narr
olacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kalmışsam target: Narr pred: Narr
hayranmış target: Narr pred: Narr
giymişler target: Narr pred: Narr
yerleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
görmüşler target: Narr pred: Narr
dalmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
tartışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ediyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
ulaşılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaynaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
zorlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
haklıymış target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmişmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
vermişmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yapmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yaşamışız target: Narr pred: Narr
yapamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
alıkoymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
davranmış target: Narr pred: Narr
saldırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kurdurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çekmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
aramışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yoğrulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
başlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bozdurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gerilemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
olabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
durdurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
alametmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kovalamış target: Narr pred: Narr
azalmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
bastırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yükselmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sarsılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kavrulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
mendilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
geçmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
girmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
keşfetmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yağlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yetmezmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
koydurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yazdırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
der target: Aor pred: Aor
idi target: Past pred: Past
heyecanlandırabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
düzenleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
sürükleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntüleyemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
etkinleştirilebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
genişletebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
hazırlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ilişkilendirirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
belirleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
güncelleştirirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
sınırlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
denetleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
etkinleştirmezseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
sabitleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yapıştırabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
çalıştırabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ısmarlayabilecekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
otomatikleştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kuvvetlendirmediniz target: Past pred: Past
kurtulabiliyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yükseltilebiliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değiştiremiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapılandırıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değerlendiremiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değerlendiremiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
faydalanabiliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
evlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yaratmış target: Narr pred: Narr
değişmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
beğenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
biçilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
duymamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kızarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
değilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
etmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
sevmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
benmişim target: Narr pred: Narr
öğrenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kalmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
demekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yığılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tutulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
bozulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kararmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dürülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
görülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
çiğnemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
durmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
çekilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
becermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
geçirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dağılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaşanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ürpermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
büzülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
bitirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
karışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaplamış target: Narr pred: Narr
öldürmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
uymuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
dikilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çizilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
olmazmış target: Narr pred: Narr
buruşmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yasakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yönelmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bırakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
konuşmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yapışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
serilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bulaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
morarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sökülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
bulunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sarılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yazılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
seçilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yayılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
birikmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
içmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
sararmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dökülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
ıslanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
saçılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
büyütmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
çocukmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
varmışız target: Narr pred: Narr
takılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yazarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
nedimmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
batırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
harcamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kadınmış target: Narr pred: Narr
götürmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
olmuşsun target: Narr pred: Narr
olsaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaçarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
gevşemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tanınmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yetermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
girmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
değmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sıkışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tekiymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kırışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
boşalmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yatmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
çekmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gömülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
dönüşmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
çalmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
beklemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
söylemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
okumamış target: Narr pred: Narr
tutunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
atlatmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yakılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sıçramış target: Narr pred: Narr
bağlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
saklamış target: Narr pred: Narr
tıkanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uyumamış target: Narr pred: Narr
incelmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dinlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
terlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
konulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
bitmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bölünmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
kapatmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dışlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
eklenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sağlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
ölçülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
azaltmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çözülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
dolmuşsa target: Narr pred: Narr
taşınmış target: Narr pred: Narr
silinmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
katılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
zorlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
dövülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
sığınmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ettirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
vermişim target: Narr pred: Narr
tuturmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yitirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
almışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
çalışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bakılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
soyulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
boşanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çiziliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içermiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulunuyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açılmıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulunamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görülemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
göstermiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seçemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
koyamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yönetiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kesiliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyguluyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çözemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öldürülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
araştırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakamıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
topluyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alınıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluşturuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapatılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
pişiriliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazanılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inanmıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
durabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şaşırıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağlıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öğreniyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
beğeniyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyandırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapılamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aktarıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
imzalanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dinlenmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
algılanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yükseltiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
işletiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaratıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapmıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veriliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiriyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
amaçlıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlaşılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
etkileniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
reddetmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
götürülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapışılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veremiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
planlıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içerliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
övünüyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uygulanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gelemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiriyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
irdeleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ödemiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapmıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazanıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alınmıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çekebiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yürüyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kınıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
özetliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
soruyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sayılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
edilmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüşüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yıkılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
savuruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
andırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanımıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değişiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
deniliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dalıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kararıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kuşatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluşmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bürünüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sanılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanınıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yetişiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
götürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dönülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yeniliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giremiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
arıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
satılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kuruluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
denemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dağılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaratıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
işleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sunuluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kuruyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ağrımıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sıkıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
izliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oynanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
savaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yazıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
itiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
koyuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
korunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çevirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kadarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
gitmişim target: Narr pred: Narr
indirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
düşmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gerilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
bitmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
yetinmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
anlatmış target: Narr pred: Narr
anmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yıkanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kokmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
olmuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
almazmış target: Narr pred: Narr
affetmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gibiymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
lazımmış target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkmışız target: Narr pred: Narr
yansımış target: Narr pred: Narr
alamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
başarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
düşünmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
sokulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sorulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
demişler target: Narr pred: Narr
seçmişim target: Narr pred: Narr
gizlemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
giymişse target: Narr pred: Narr
güvenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kazılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
vermemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
okumuşum target: Narr pred: Narr
minikmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
addetmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
patlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
geçermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tatmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
dizilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gidilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
öğretmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tanıtmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dokunmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
aşamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
açmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
atmışlar target: Narr pred: Narr
görüşmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
tutmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
satılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ödememiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kapanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kavuşmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kesişmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
olamamış target: Narr pred: Narr
sıkılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kıyılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tanışmış target: Narr pred: Narr
örtülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
bezenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
seçermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kısılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yanaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yürütmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
donanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kurmuşuz target: Narr pred: Narr
düzelmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
duyulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çakılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
giyilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
duyurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gözlendi target: Past pred: Past
düzeltti target: Past pred: Past
geriledi target: Past pred: Past
bildirdi target: Past pred: Past
olsaydım target: Past pred: Past
yapardım target: Past pred: Past
geçmişti target: Past pred: Past
döndürdü target: Past pred: Past
çatmıştı target: Past pred: Past
bağlıydı target: Past pred: Past
haykırdı target: Past pred: Past
verdimse target: Past pred: Past
gösterdi target: Past pred: Past
hissetti target: Past pred: Past
silkindi target: Past pred: Past
söyledim target: Past pred: Past
gelmedik target: Past pred: Past
söyledin target: Past pred: Past
koymuştu target: Past pred: Past
giyindim target: Past pred: Past
giymişti target: Past pred: Past
konuştum target: Past pred: Past
yaklaştı target: Past pred: Past
bıraktım target: Past pred: Past
değiştim target: Past pred: Past
girmişti target: Past pred: Past
varmıştı target: Past pred: Past
ediyordu target: Past pred: Past
fazlaydı target: Past pred: Past
düşmüştü target: Past pred: Past
suskundu target: Past pred: Past
gergindi target: Past pred: Past
kalmazdı target: Past pred: Past
inanırdı target: Past pred: Past
başlandı target: Past pred: Past
çıkmıştı target: Past pred: Past
kökleşti target: Past pred: Past
kaftandı target: Past pred: Past
düşkündü target: Past pred: Past
mümkündü target: Past pred: Past
bindirdi target: Past pred: Past
memnundu target: Past pred: Past
olacaktı target: Past pred: Past
yetmişti target: Past pred: Past
oluyordu target: Past pred: Past
basmadım target: Past pred: Past
tutturdu target: Past pred: Past
miydiniz target: Past pred: Past
dinledim target: Past pred: Past
koydular target: Past pred: Past
atıyordu target: Past pred: Past
vurmuştu target: Past pred: Past
buldunuz target: Past pred: Past
verdirdi target: Past pred: Past
tiksiniyordu target: Past pred: Past
kayboluyordu target: Past pred: Past
görünmemişti target: Past pred: Past
ilerliyordum target: Past pred: Past
fısıldadılar target: Past pred: Past
yudumladılar target: Past pred: Past
düşünceliydi target: Past pred: Past
hissediyordu target: Past pred: Past
bulanıklaştı target: Past pred: Past
uğramışlardı target: Past pred: Past
vurguluyordu target: Past pred: Past
söylemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
heyecanlıydı target: Past pred: Past
hazırlamıştı target: Past pred: Past
öğrenilemedi target: Past pred: Past
çakışmasıydı target: Past pred: Past
davranıyordu target: Past pred: Past
başlamamıştı target: Past pred: Past
dolduruyordu target: Past pred: Past
başlayamazdı target: Past pred: Past
neşesizdiniz target: Past pred: Past
çekiniyordum target: Past pred: Past
geçinirlerdi target: Past pred: Past
isteseydiniz target: Past pred: Past
yalvarıyordu target: Past pred: Past
seyrediyordu target: Past pred: Past
çıkarmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
farkındaydım target: Past pred: Past
sokacaklardı target: Past pred: Past
çevirmediniz target: Past pred: Past
saklayamadık target: Past pred: Past
olmasındandı target: Past pred: Past
kötülüyordum target: Past pred: Past
karşıladınız target: Past pred: Past
dikecektiniz target: Past pred: Past
inanmamıştım target: Past pred: Past
içindeydiniz target: Past pred: Past
ısmarlamıştı target: Past pred: Past
koşturuyordu target: Past pred: Past
oturamıyordu target: Past pred: Past
hesaplamıştı target: Past pred: Past
geleceklerdi target: Past pred: Past
reddedilirdi target: Past pred: Past
kullanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
yükseliyordu target: Past pred: Past
şaşırtıyordu target: Past pred: Past
ayrılmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
fırlatıyordu target: Past pred: Past
saldıracaktı target: Past pred: Past
sertleştirdi target: Past pred: Past
durdurabildi target: Past pred: Past
saldıramazdı target: Past pred: Past
gerekmiyordu target: Past pred: Past
bırakmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
uzaklaştırdı target: Past pred: Past
benzemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
görünmüyordu target: Past pred: Past
öfkelenmişti target: Past pred: Past
fırlayacaktı target: Past pred: Past
yetinmeliydi target: Past pred: Past
beslemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
gidiyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
gösteriyordu target: Past pred: Past
hoşlanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
yıkıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
düzenliyordu target: Past pred: Past
düşünmemişti target: Past pred: Past
yanılmamıştı target: Past pred: Past
pataklıyordu target: Past pred: Past
yaratılmıştı target: Past pred: Past
düşüncesiydi target: Past pred: Past
düşünüyordum target: Past pred: Past
dolaşıyordum target: Past pred: Past
görememiştik target: Past pred: Past
anlayabildim target: Past pred: Past
neşeliydiler target: Past pred: Past
unutmuşlardı target: Past pred: Past
bakıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
alışkanlıktı target: Past pred: Past
gözükmüyordu target: Past pred: Past
gelmeyecekti target: Past pred: Past
tanımıyordum target: Past pred: Past
söylemediniz target: Past pred: Past
konuşacaktım target: Past pred: Past
kovmamalıydı target: Past pred: Past
başarırdınız target: Past pred: Past
durabilirdim target: Past pred: Past
yıkılmamıştı target: Past pred: Past
çocuklarıydı target: Past pred: Past
belirtiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünmüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inanamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karışmıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hissediyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gerektiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaratıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hoşlanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuşuyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gösteriyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bahsediyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
soruyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duruyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sanıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çekiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
buluyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şaşıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şakıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağışlıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duyuyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
faydalanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gülüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yüzleşiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlamıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kandıramazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
getirilmezlerse target: Aor pred: Aor
söyleyemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
gerçekleşebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
iletebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
atayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntülerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kaynaklanabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kaldıramazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanabilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
edinebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
düzeltemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntülenmezse target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakmamışsınız target: Narr pred: Narr
verememişçesine target: Narr pred: Narr
sınırlanmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
kopyalanmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
belirtilmemişse target: Narr pred: Narr
oluşturmuşsanız target: Narr pred: Narr
zamanlanmamışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
hazırlanıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
bekleyecekmişiz target: Narr pred: Narr
ışıklandırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
istemiyorlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yaptıramıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
gerçekleştirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kullanılacakmış target: Narr pred: Narr
taşıyacaklarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
arkadaşlarıymış target: Narr pred: Narr
koşturuyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
canlandırıyordu target: Past pred: Past
somurtuyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
heyecanlanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
gücendirmediniz target: Past pred: Past
göstergeleriydi target: Past pred: Past
kayboluvermişti target: Past pred: Past
perçinleniyordu target: Past pred: Past
anlayabiliyordu target: Past pred: Past
kaynaklanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
hissedemiyordum target: Past pred: Past
tüttürüyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
mırıldanıyordum target: Past pred: Past
uzaklaştırdınız target: Past pred: Past
sinirlenmemişti target: Past pred: Past
ilgilendirmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hissettiriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
mahvediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gezdiriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalkışıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seyrediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
paylaşıyorlarsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylemiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kederlendiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bahsediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bahsediyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yakalayamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uğraşmıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıklayamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hapsediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şaşırtıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlatmıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
katlanıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kahrediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüntülenmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
erişemiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yönetmiyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
desteklemiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürüklüyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiştiriyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakılabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sorgulanıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hissediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaybediyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
belirtiyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sakinleştiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değdiriyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hazırlamıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gelmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
atılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
eziliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
zorluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
okuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bekliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
arıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duymuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ödüyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uçuşuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
parlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
asılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saklıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
eriyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yetmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
topluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
harcıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
umuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
azalıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içeriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
açıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ödeniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tutmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dolmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürmüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
vermiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öneriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ısınıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
edemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
serpiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alınıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluşuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapsıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kokmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gitmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
durmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
unutuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gözlüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ütülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaynıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bitmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hışırdıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olmuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sevmiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
parlatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tiksiniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
zannediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürüyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giyiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yolluyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
engelliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içeriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluşuyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gizliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yükleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulunmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapmıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görmüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
erişemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaplıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
vermiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sağlıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kuruyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uğraşmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saldırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
vazgeçiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünmüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
püskürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
suçlanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
taslamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
haşlanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
almıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bekleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tekliyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hazırlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yükseliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bildiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sorulmuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
buluyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öneriyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veriyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapmıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürdürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaklaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yitirmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gönderiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söyleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
üretiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bekliyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alkışlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çarpışıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görülmüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olabiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öneriyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yatıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidilmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
cevaplıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapanmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
temizliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaslanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düzenliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uğruyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
demirliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çevriliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkmıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başlatıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karşılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oturuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aranıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sanıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakılmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
utanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yüzüyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sağlanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kilitliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapılmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geziyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inanıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tutturuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kutluyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaptırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
unutuluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giriyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bastırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başlamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaratmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaçıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlaşılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
öngörülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
gidiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
unutmuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
tetiklemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
uyandırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yargılamış target: Narr pred: Narr
vermemişse target: Narr pred: Narr
eskitilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sergilemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
toparlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
kuşatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
olmasıymış target: Narr pred: Narr
sunabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
üretmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
alevlenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kanunuymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çalışmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
belgelemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ispatlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
delaletmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
almışsınız target: Narr pred: Narr
hedeflemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
düşünürmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
pişirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
geçirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gelişmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
harcamışım target: Narr pred: Narr
geçirmişim target: Narr pred: Narr
bakakalmış target: Narr pred: Narr
mayalanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
bulunurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
götürürmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
verilirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
düşünülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
demişsiniz target: Narr pred: Narr
yalanlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
tutuyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
geçirmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yanıtlamış target: Narr pred: Narr
ikonlaşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
rahatlattı target: Past pred: Past
ayrıldılar target: Past pred: Past
bekliyordu target: Past pred: Past
işitiyordu target: Past pred: Past
ıslanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
duymuyordu target: Past pred: Past
çıkmamıştı target: Past pred: Past
biliyordum target: Past pred: Past
bulunmuştu target: Past pred: Past
nişanlandı target: Past pred: Past
söylemedim target: Past pred: Past
olmamıştım target: Past pred: Past
muhteşemdi target: Past pred: Past
konuşmadım target: Past pred: Past
mırıldandı target: Past pred: Past
uzaklaştım target: Past pred: Past
benziyordu target: Past pred: Past
asmışlardı target: Past pred: Past
ahenksizdi target: Past pred: Past
titriyordu target: Past pred: Past
alamıyordu target: Past pred: Past
yapılmıştı target: Past pred: Past
edemediler target: Past pred: Past
görünmüştü target: Past pred: Past
edilemezdi target: Past pred: Past
kendisiydi target: Past pred: Past
sanatçıydı target: Past pred: Past
durmuyordu target: Past pred: Past
oturuyordu target: Past pred: Past
halindeydi target: Past pred: Past
çizilmişti target: Past pred: Past
başlamıştı target: Past pred: Past
dönmediler target: Past pred: Past
sayılmazdı target: Past pred: Past
edemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
zorundaydı target: Past pred: Past
dalarlardı target: Past pred: Past
bilmiyordu target: Past pred: Past
inanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
bürünmüştü target: Past pred: Past
yapıştırdı target: Past pred: Past
eğlendiniz target: Past pred: Past
gevşemişti target: Past pred: Past
dayanamadı target: Past pred: Past
hatırladın target: Past pred: Past
arkadaştık target: Past pred: Past
şarkısıydı target: Past pred: Past
söylüyordu target: Past pred: Past
çarpıyordu target: Past pred: Past
hatırladım target: Past pred: Past
bitiremedi target: Past pred: Past
unutmuştum target: Past pred: Past
kazanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
gevşiyordu target: Past pred: Past
yaşarmıştı target: Past pred: Past
sapsarıydı target: Past pred: Past
tekrarladı target: Past pred: Past
dinlediniz target: Past pred: Past
eziliyordu target: Past pred: Past
gitmemişti target: Past pred: Past
vuruldunuz target: Past pred: Past
istiyordum target: Past pred: Past
konuştunuz target: Past pred: Past
batırdınız target: Past pred: Past
öğrendiniz target: Past pred: Past
olsaydınız target: Past pred: Past
homurdandı target: Past pred: Past
hesaplardı target: Past pred: Past
şaşırmıştı target: Past pred: Past
kıpırdattı target: Past pred: Past
parlıyordu target: Past pred: Past
kaldırmadı target: Past pred: Past
götürmekti target: Past pred: Past
koymalıydı target: Past pred: Past
basmalıydı target: Past pred: Past
uğratmıştı target: Past pred: Past
korkuyordu target: Past pred: Past
öğretmişti target: Past pred: Past
uyarıyordu target: Past pred: Past
uzanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
harcamıştı target: Past pred: Past
oturakaldı target: Past pred: Past
abanıverdi target: Past pred: Past
yapıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
onaylıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
etmiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
buluyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuşuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veriyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gerekiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duyuluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düşünüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalışıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
soruyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sokuluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
esirgiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öğreniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
taşınıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duyuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alçalıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tutuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gülüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kabarıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
şaşıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inceliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dolaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uğramıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çeviriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
büyütüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duruyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dokunuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
daralıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayrılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çıkarıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tutuyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çağırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dağıtıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diretiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
etkiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bırakıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
süpürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sevişiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
basılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
okuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
okuyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
büyülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
içiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
atıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öğretiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tanıtıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yakışıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bayılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duruyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
irkiliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
indiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
süzülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyuyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geliyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaçınıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
karışıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yatıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dönüşüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
veremiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
getiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kapılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
varıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sıkılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
işletiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öldürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulamıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
eklemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sürüyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olmuyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
atlanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
giriyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
işliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
isteniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
tüketiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
katılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
takılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başarıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kazanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dökülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diziliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
azaltıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
taşıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dayanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sunuyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uyguluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
buluşuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çatırdatırcasına target: Aor pred: Aor
karşılaştırırsak target: Aor pred: Aor
sürüklenircesine target: Aor pred: Aor
anlayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yönetebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
olmayabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
çalışabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ekleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
getirebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntüleyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
taşıyabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
isteyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
güncelleştirilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yapılandırılırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
genişletilebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ayarlayamazsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
deneyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kapatabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
doğrulayabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
izleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ilişkilendirilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yükleyemeyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
değiştirilebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
gerçekleştirilir target: Aor pred: Aor
yönlendirilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
önleyebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanıyormuşsun target: Narr pred: Narr
istiyormuşçasına target: Narr pred: Narr
sınırlandırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yetkilendirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
biçimlendirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
konuşlandırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
gelenekselleşmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gerçekleşiyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
heyecanlandırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
hoşlanmıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
evlenebilirlerdi target: Past pred: Past
gizleyebiliyordu target: Past pred: Past
kaynaklanmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
çektirmemişlerdi target: Past pred: Past
engelleyemiyordu target: Past pred: Past
yaklaşmıyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
bakışmalarımızdı target: Past pred: Past
anlayabiliyordum target: Past pred: Past
savsaklıyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görüntüleniyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanılamıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yazdırabiliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gerçekleştiriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluşturuyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
düzenleyemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıştıramıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
barındırılıyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kopyalayamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değiştiremiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanmıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bağlanabiliyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
amaçlamıyorsanız target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaydedilemiyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluşturuluyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gösterebiliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gönderebiliyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yetiştiremiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
varabiliyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seçebiliyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlatırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
yaratabilirse target: Aor pred: Aor
öğretebilirse target: Aor pred: Aor
yanılabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
evlenebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakabilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
görüşebiliriz target: Aor pred: Aor
çelikleştirir target: Aor pred: Aor
bekleyemezsek target: Aor pred: Aor
getirtirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
bağışlarsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
kolaylaştırır target: Aor pred: Aor
istemeyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
düşünülebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
karşılarlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
alabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
karıştırılmam target: Aor pred: Aor
geçirebilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşturabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
olabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
görüntülenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
atayabilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
hizalayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
etkileyebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
özetlenebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
erişemezsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
belirtilmezse target: Aor pred: Aor
yönetilebilir target: Aor pred: Aor
belirtirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
dağıtılabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
değerlendirir target: Aor pred: Aor
birleştirilir target: Aor pred: Aor
vazgeçerseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
yetkilendirir target: Aor pred: Aor
erişebilirler target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımlanırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
açabilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımayabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kaybedersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
kopyalarsınız target: Aor pred: Aor
kopyalarsanız target: Aor pred: Aor
yönlendirilir target: Aor pred: Aor
çalıştırırsam target: Aor pred: Aor
edebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
karşılaşmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
varılmıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
dinlemişsiniz target: Narr pred: Narr
veriyorlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
metanetliymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sıkıntıdaymış target: Narr pred: Narr
ıslanmışsınız target: Narr pred: Narr
aydınlatılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
heyecanlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
keşfedilmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
dolandırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yalvarıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çerçevelenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
görüntülenmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gönderilmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
eşleştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sınırlanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
sıkıştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dönüştürülmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
reddedilmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
katıştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
tamamlanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
çözümlenmemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
değiştirilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
özelleştirmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
kilitlenmişse target: Narr pred: Narr
zamanlanmışsa target: Narr pred: Narr
yapılandırmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yollamışsınız target: Narr pred: Narr
hastanesiymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
yapıştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
koruyamamışız target: Narr pred: Narr
hazırlıyormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yapabilmişler target: Narr pred: Narr
proglamlanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
anlatırlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kıpırdatmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
beğenmemişsem target: Narr pred: Narr
sağlanabilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
karıştırılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
lokantasıymış target: Narr pred: Narr
yapıyorlarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
oluşturmuşlar target: Narr pred: Narr
yalanlanmışım target: Narr pred: Narr
başvurulmamış target: Narr pred: Narr
faydalanılmış target: Narr pred: Narr
hatırlatmıştı target: Past pred: Past
duygulanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
geliştirmişti target: Past pred: Past
görmeliydiniz target: Past pred: Past
oyalamaktaydı target: Past pred: Past
düşünmüyordum target: Past pred: Past
kaybetmiyordu target: Past pred: Past
uyandıramazdı target: Past pred: Past
ahlaksızlıktı target: Past pred: Past
güvenebilirdi target: Past pred: Past
söylüyordunuz target: Past pred: Past
duymalıydınız target: Past pred: Past
püslenecektim target: Past pred: Past
geçirmişlerdi target: Past pred: Past
söyleyecektim target: Past pred: Past
reddetmediniz target: Past pred: Past
olmayabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
bilmiyordunuz target: Past pred: Past
kavuşturdunuz target: Past pred: Past
yapılabilirdi target: Past pred: Past
sersemlemişti target: Past pred: Past
çıkaramıyordu target: Past pred: Past
beklemekteydi target: Past pred: Past
oluşturuyordu target: Past pred: Past
edebilmeliydi target: Past pred: Past
yuvarlanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
bekliyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
olabilirlerdi target: Past pred: Past
umursamıyordu target: Past pred: Past
göstermiyordu target: Past pred: Past
kışkırtıyordu target: Past pred: Past
geçiremiyordu target: Past pred: Past
uzaklaşıyordu target: Past pred: Past
edinebilmişti target: Past pred: Past
sırnaşmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
edemiyorlardı target: Past pred: Past
yürütülüyordu target: Past pred: Past
etkinleştirebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
okumuştu target: Past pred: Past
kayboldu target: Past pred: Past
çıkmazdı target: Past pred: Past
büyüledi target: Past pred: Past
geveledi target: Past pred: Past
yaşlıydı target: Past pred: Past
reddetti target: Past pred: Past
üzereydi target: Past pred: Past
tutamadı target: Past pred: Past
görürdüm target: Past pred: Past
belliydi target: Past pred: Past
parlaktı target: Past pred: Past
canlandı target: Past pred: Past
bakardım target: Past pred: Past
coşmuştu target: Past pred: Past
geldiniz target: Past pred: Past
anlattım target: Past pred: Past
duymuştu target: Past pred: Past
verdiniz target: Past pred: Past
görmedim target: Past pred: Past
vardınız target: Past pred: Past
sordunuz target: Past pred: Past
diyordum target: Past pred: Past
sarsıldı target: Past pred: Past
öğrendim target: Past pred: Past
edebildi target: Past pred: Past
uğraştım target: Past pred: Past
götürdüm target: Past pred: Past
severdim target: Past pred: Past
konuldum target: Past pred: Past
daldırdı target: Past pred: Past
solgundu target: Past pred: Past
duydunuz target: Past pred: Past
söylendi target: Past pred: Past
çıplaktı target: Past pred: Past
doğmuştu target: Past pred: Past
etmiştik target: Past pred: Past
bulmuştu target: Past pred: Past
şeylerdi target: Past pred: Past
edecekti target: Past pred: Past
durdurdu target: Past pred: Past
yanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
yapmadın target: Past pred: Past
esiyordu target: Past pred: Past
dehşetti target: Past pred: Past
zannetti target: Past pred: Past
geldiler target: Past pred: Past
yakaladı target: Past pred: Past
saldırdı target: Past pred: Past
kesmişti target: Past pred: Past
güçlüydü target: Past pred: Past
seslendi target: Past pred: Past
kalmıştı target: Past pred: Past
durmuştu target: Past pred: Past
iniyordu target: Past pred: Past
yatmıştı target: Past pred: Past
gitmişti target: Past pred: Past
kıvrıldı target: Past pred: Past
kabarttı target: Past pred: Past
onayladı target: Past pred: Past
bulamadı target: Past pred: Past
gelmezdi target: Past pred: Past
süzmüştü target: Past pred: Past
koşmazdı target: Past pred: Past
beklerdi target: Past pred: Past
dönmüştü target: Past pred: Past
başkaydı target: Past pred: Past
fırlattı target: Past pred: Past
kopmuştu target: Past pred: Past
tırmandı target: Past pred: Past
vermişti target: Past pred: Past
azarladı target: Past pred: Past
dostumdu target: Past pred: Past
olmuştum target: Past pred: Past
götürdük target: Past pred: Past
edemedim target: Past pred: Past
geçirdim target: Past pred: Past
gibiydim target: Past pred: Past
boğmuştu target: Past pred: Past
başladım target: Past pred: Past
burkuldu target: Past pred: Past
doğruldu target: Past pred: Past
takıldım target: Past pred: Past
süzüldüm target: Past pred: Past
alıyordu target: Past pred: Past
ürkmüştü target: Past pred: Past
başladık target: Past pred: Past
yeğledim target: Past pred: Past
tutuldum target: Past pred: Past
razıydım target: Past pred: Past
bağırdım target: Past pred: Past
sezdiniz target: Past pred: Past
sevindim target: Past pred: Past
boğuldum target: Past pred: Past
değildin target: Past pred: Past
boşalttı target: Past pred: Past
seyretti target: Past pred: Past
vazgeçti target: Past pred: Past
yapmazdı target: Past pred: Past
ediliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
öpüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ediyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sallıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oturuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çarpıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görmüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dinliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
eğiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ulaşıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
alıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
uzanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
benziyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sağlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dürtüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalkıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
korkuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyorsam target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
üzülüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
titriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sevmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oluyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gelir target: Aor pred: Aor
çürür target: Aor pred: Aor
taşır target: Aor pred: Aor
etmez target: Aor pred: Aor
yapar target: Aor pred: Aor
bilir target: Aor pred: Aor
kalır target: Aor pred: Aor
biter target: Aor pred: Aor
bakar target: Aor pred: Aor
verir target: Aor pred: Aor
sever target: Aor pred: Aor
yeter target: Aor pred: Aor
güler target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkar target: Aor pred: Aor
sayar target: Aor pred: Aor
atmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
duyar target: Aor pred: Aor
eğmez target: Aor pred: Aor
yemez target: Aor pred: Aor
sorar target: Aor pred: Aor
anlar target: Aor pred: Aor
girer target: Aor pred: Aor
gider target: Aor pred: Aor
şaşar target: Aor pred: Aor
yakar target: Aor pred: Aor
görür target: Aor pred: Aor
sürer target: Aor pred: Aor
inmem target: Aor pred: Aor
vurur target: Aor pred: Aor
bulur target: Aor pred: Aor
düşer target: Aor pred: Aor
izler target: Aor pred: Aor
giyer target: Aor pred: Aor
sızar target: Aor pred: Aor
sezer target: Aor pred: Aor
yıkar target: Aor pred: Aor
döver target: Aor pred: Aor
ürker target: Aor pred: Aor
doğar target: Aor pred: Aor
böler target: Aor pred: Aor
artar target: Aor pred: Aor
denir target: Aor pred: Aor
uğrar target: Aor pred: Aor
demez target: Aor pred: Aor
yemem target: Aor pred: Aor
tutar target: Aor pred: Aor
kılar target: Aor pred: Aor
durur target: Aor pred: Aor
tanır target: Aor pred: Aor
demem target: Aor pred: Aor
yatar target: Aor pred: Aor
oflar target: Aor pred: Aor
okşar target: Aor pred: Aor
kurur target: Aor pred: Aor
ölmez target: Aor pred: Aor
sunar target: Aor pred: Aor
türer target: Aor pred: Aor
yutar target: Aor pred: Aor
varır target: Aor pred: Aor
ekler target: Aor pred: Aor
siler target: Aor pred: Aor
kurar target: Aor pred: Aor
yemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
etmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
almış target: Narr pred: Narr
eğmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
azmış target: Narr pred: Narr
ölmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
atmış target: Narr pred: Narr
işmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
içmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
demiş target: Narr pred: Narr
asmış target: Narr pred: Narr
aşmış target: Narr pred: Narr
açmış target: Narr pred: Narr
uymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
uçmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
düştü target: Past pred: Past
çıktı target: Past pred: Past
yaptı target: Past pred: Past
seçti target: Past pred: Past
koydu target: Past pred: Past
geldi target: Past pred: Past
verdi target: Past pred: Past
vardı target: Past pred: Past
gitti target: Past pred: Past
baktı target: Past pred: Past
gördü target: Past pred: Past
doldu target: Past pred: Past
sildi target: Past pred: Past
yoktu target: Past pred: Past
kesti target: Past pred: Past
duydu target: Past pred: Past
çattı target: Past pred: Past
sordu target: Past pred: Past
güldü target: Past pred: Past
yedim target: Past pred: Past
öptük target: Past pred: Past
geçti target: Past pred: Past
girdi target: Past pred: Past
durdu target: Past pred: Past
okudu target: Past pred: Past
giydi target: Past pred: Past
buydu target: Past pred: Past
sardı target: Past pred: Past
mıydı target: Past pred: Past
kızdı target: Past pred: Past
sezdi target: Past pred: Past
ettik target: Past pred: Past
miydi target: Past pred: Past
çöktü target: Past pred: Past
kaldı target: Past pred: Past
süzdü target: Past pred: Past
tuttu target: Past pred: Past
olduk target: Past pred: Past
doğdu target: Past pred: Past
döndü target: Past pred: Past
oldum target: Past pred: Past
büktü target: Past pred: Past
ettim target: Past pred: Past
sıktı target: Past pred: Past
daldı target: Past pred: Past
bastı target: Past pred: Past
bozdu target: Past pred: Past
muydu target: Past pred: Past
dedim target: Past pred: Past
ettin target: Past pred: Past
sandı target: Past pred: Past
kaybetmedi target: Past pred: Past
takılmıştı target: Past pred: Past
yuvarlandı target: Past pred: Past
gerilmişti target: Past pred: Past
incinmişti target: Past pred: Past
öğrenmişti target: Past pred: Past
yanındaydı target: Past pred: Past
yöneldiler target: Past pred: Past
kolluyordu target: Past pred: Past
tetikteydi target: Past pred: Past
girmemişti target: Past pred: Past
kararlıydı target: Past pred: Past
getirmişti target: Past pred: Past
karmaşıktı target: Past pred: Past
kalmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
zorluyordu target: Past pred: Past
çıkmıyordu target: Past pred: Past
mallarıydı target: Past pred: Past
bitmiyordu target: Past pred: Past
kaplıyordu target: Past pred: Past
tarifsizdi target: Past pred: Past
yaşarlardı target: Past pred: Past
etmişlerdi target: Past pred: Past
çıkarmıştı target: Past pred: Past
kalkışmadı target: Past pred: Past
hatırladık target: Past pred: Past
küçümserdi target: Past pred: Past
duruyordum target: Past pred: Past
taşınmıştı target: Past pred: Past
rastlardım target: Past pred: Past
verirlerdi target: Past pred: Past
içindeydim target: Past pred: Past
yürümüştüm target: Past pred: Past
yürüyordum target: Past pred: Past
edinmiştim target: Past pred: Past
kalamazdım target: Past pred: Past
söylediniz target: Past pred: Past
tanışmadım target: Past pred: Past
yüzleriydi target: Past pred: Past
diyecektim target: Past pred: Past
yakışmazdı target: Past pred: Past
kırıldınız target: Past pred: Past
donuklaştı target: Past pred: Past
bulanmıştı target: Past pred: Past
kalçasıydı target: Past pred: Past
karıştırdı target: Past pred: Past
fırlamıştı target: Past pred: Past
sıkıştırdı target: Past pred: Past
parçasıydı target: Past pred: Past
sabırsızdı target: Past pred: Past
biçimsizdi target: Past pred: Past
utanıyordu target: Past pred: Past
davranırdı target: Past pred: Past
kaybediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saklıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorsan target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
biliyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilmiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geçiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
inanıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
mahvediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
görünmüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapmıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
diyorsunuz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ayıramıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hatırlıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
hissediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
başlıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
durmuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
korkuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sataşmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duruyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
geliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kaldırıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dinlemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gülümsüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seyrediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
terkediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
soluyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yakışmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kullanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
almıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bakıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
korkutuyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
anlatmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
huylanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çevreliyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sanmıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gösteriyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aşağılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
davranıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kesilmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yollanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
edilemiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bulmuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sesleniyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bahsediyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
söylüyorsa target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
istiyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
seviyorsan target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yaşıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
konuyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
işliyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
yapıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
etmiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
girmiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
olamıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
döndürüyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bekliyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
saklanıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
satıyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
edemiyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
dolduruyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
ulaşılıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
çalıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
sıkıyorsun target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
oturuyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kayboluyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
değişmiyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
gidiyorlar target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
kalkıyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
bilmiyoruz target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
üzülüyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
duymuyorum target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
aldırmıyor target: Prog1 pred: Prog1
edemez target: Aor pred: Aor
ederim target: Aor pred: Aor
olursa target: Aor pred: Aor
överiz target: Aor pred: Aor
edemem target: Aor pred: Aor
zorlar target: Aor pred: Aor
ödemez target: Aor pred: Aor
duymaz target: Aor pred: Aor
bilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
olamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
bilmem target: Aor pred: Aor
bitmez target: Aor pred: Aor
kalkar target: Aor pred: Aor
gelmez target: Aor pred: Aor
sanmam target: Aor pred: Aor
başlar target: Aor pred: Aor
susmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
ölürüm target: Aor pred: Aor
inanır target: Aor pred: Aor
ederiz target: Aor pred: Aor
alışır target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
görmez target: Aor pred: Aor
ederse target: Aor pred: Aor
olurum target: Aor pred: Aor
benzer target: Aor pred: Aor
duymam target: Aor pred: Aor
gelmem target: Aor pred: Aor
geçmez target: Aor pred: Aor
alırsa target: Aor pred: Aor
alırım target: Aor pred: Aor
sarkar target: Aor pred: Aor
görmem target: Aor pred: Aor
sığmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
derler target: Aor pred: Aor
edilir target: Aor pred: Aor
övünür target: Aor pred: Aor
uyanır target: Aor pred: Aor
korkar target: Aor pred: Aor
sezmez target: Aor pred: Aor
dövmez target: Aor pred: Aor
ayırır target: Aor pred: Aor
değmez target: Aor pred: Aor
ulaşır target: Aor pred: Aor
soymam target: Aor pred: Aor
ölürse target: Aor pred: Aor
çekmem target: Aor pred: Aor
söyler target: Aor pred: Aor
dersen target: Aor pred: Aor
koymaz target: Aor pred: Aor
gitmez target: Aor pred: Aor
içerim target: Aor pred: Aor
bakmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
açılır target: Aor pred: Aor
öderim target: Aor pred: Aor
sızlar target: Aor pred: Aor
oturur target: Aor pred: Aor
yenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
dönmez target: Aor pred: Aor
girmez target: Aor pred: Aor
yapmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
bekler target: Aor pred: Aor
kalmam target: Aor pred: Aor
atarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
üzemem target: Aor pred: Aor
sağlar target: Aor pred: Aor
vermez target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşur target: Aor pred: Aor
silmez target: Aor pred: Aor
atanır target: Aor pred: Aor
içerir target: Aor pred: Aor
atılır target: Aor pred: Aor
alınır target: Aor pred: Aor
yükler target: Aor pred: Aor
yapmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kalmış target: Narr pred: Narr
buymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
doğmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
girmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gelmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
varmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dikmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
coşmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sıkmış target: Narr pred: Narr
duymuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kızmış target: Narr pred: Narr
görmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
sormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yatmış target: Narr pred: Narr
kaçmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dönmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
kesmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
uzamış target: Narr pred: Narr
yokmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
bıkmış target: Narr pred: Narr
sesmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
tutmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kısmış target: Narr pred: Narr
dalmış target: Narr pred: Narr
yormuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çokmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
vurmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
vermiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
düşmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
giymiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gitmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sapmış target: Narr pred: Narr
batmış target: Narr pred: Narr
solmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
artmış target: Narr pred: Narr
erimiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çökmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
okumuş target: Narr pred: Narr
kimmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
sönmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
uyumuş target: Narr pred: Narr
yazmış target: Narr pred: Narr
binmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
ödemiş target: Narr pred: Narr
durmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
sezmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
gömmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
donmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
bulmuş target: Narr pred: Narr
çekmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çözmüş target: Narr pred: Narr
yanılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
bilirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
eklerler target: Aor pred: Aor
kalırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
unuturuz target: Aor pred: Aor
benzemez target: Aor pred: Aor
dönülmez target: Aor pred: Aor
korkarım target: Aor pred: Aor
verirler target: Aor pred: Aor
izlerler target: Aor pred: Aor
hisseder target: Aor pred: Aor
tanırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
tutarsak target: Aor pred: Aor
düşünmem target: Aor pred: Aor
bulunmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
dersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
bırakmam target: Aor pred: Aor
olabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
küçümser target: Aor pred: Aor
sayılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
hesaplar target: Aor pred: Aor
düşünmez target: Aor pred: Aor
geçilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
vazgeçer target: Aor pred: Aor
işitiriz target: Aor pred: Aor
başlarsa target: Aor pred: Aor
unutamam target: Aor pred: Aor
burkulur target: Aor pred: Aor
sayılmam target: Aor pred: Aor
yaparsam target: Aor pred: Aor
darılmam target: Aor pred: Aor
derseniz target: Aor pred: Aor
ayrılmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
görürsem target: Aor pred: Aor
istersen target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarsak target: Aor pred: Aor
yükleriz target: Aor pred: Aor
dururlar target: Aor pred: Aor
başlarız target: Aor pred: Aor
saklarız target: Aor pred: Aor
hatırlar target: Aor pred: Aor
görünmez target: Aor pred: Aor
edemeyiz target: Aor pred: Aor
bağlamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
gösterir target: Aor pred: Aor
kaldırır target: Aor pred: Aor
giderler target: Aor pred: Aor
bitirmez target: Aor pred: Aor
saklanır target: Aor pred: Aor
söylenir target: Aor pred: Aor
istenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
kaptırır target: Aor pred: Aor
tanımlar target: Aor pred: Aor
bulursun target: Aor pred: Aor
yöneltir target: Aor pred: Aor
bulanmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
yaparsan target: Aor pred: Aor
düzeltir target: Aor pred: Aor
getirmem target: Aor pred: Aor
gidersem target: Aor pred: Aor
katılmam target: Aor pred: Aor
yapmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
değiller target: Aor pred: Aor
koşarlar target: Aor pred: Aor
bağlanır target: Aor pred: Aor
görürsün target: Aor pred: Aor
yersiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
verirsin target: Aor pred: Aor
demezler target: Aor pred: Aor
unutamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
geçersin target: Aor pred: Aor
inanırım target: Aor pred: Aor
tutmazsa target: Aor pred: Aor
yeğlerim target: Aor pred: Aor
biçilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
giyersin target: Aor pred: Aor
takarsın target: Aor pred: Aor
alabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
anlarsın target: Aor pred: Aor
verirsem target: Aor pred: Aor
istersem target: Aor pred: Aor
görülmez target: Aor pred: Aor
ağlarlar target: Aor pred: Aor
yollarım target: Aor pred: Aor
edilirim target: Aor pred: Aor
açmazlar target: Aor pred: Aor
sevilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
duyulmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
başlamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
edilemez target: Aor pred: Aor
çekilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
çıkarsın target: Aor pred: Aor
cezbeder target: Aor pred: Aor
listeler target: Aor pred: Aor
belirtir target: Aor pred: Aor
gerekmez target: Aor pred: Aor
kullanır target: Aor pred: Aor
gizlenir target: Aor pred: Aor
durdurur target: Aor pred: Aor
eklenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
açabilir target: Aor pred: Aor
unutursa target: Aor pred: Aor
verilmez target: Aor pred: Aor
önerilir target: Aor pred: Aor
denenmez target: Aor pred: Aor
kurulmaz target: Aor pred: Aor
bildirir target: Aor pred: Aor
oluşamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
belirler target: Aor pred: Aor
arttırır target: Aor pred: Aor
silinmez target: Aor pred: Aor
denetler target: Aor pred: Aor
bulurlar target: Aor pred: Aor
okuyamaz target: Aor pred: Aor
öneririz target: Aor pred: Aor
yüklenir target: Aor pred: Aor
başlatır target: Aor pred: Aor
seçersem target: Aor pred: Aor
kapatmam target: Aor pred: Aor
dolanmış target: Narr pred: Narr
verilmiş target: Narr pred: Narr
çıkarmış target: Narr pred: Narr
gerçekleştirebilirsiniz target: Aor pred: Aor
